docs/src/pages/components/grid/grid.md, before:

---
title: Grid React component
components: Grid
---

# Grid

<p class="description">The Material Design responsive layout grid adapts to screen size and orientation, ensuring consistency across layouts.</p>

The [grid](https://material.io/design/layout/responsive-layout-grid.html) creates visual consistency between layouts while allowing flexibility across a wide variety of designs.
Material Design’s responsive UI is based on a 12-column grid layout.

## How it works

The grid system is implemented with the `Grid` component:

- It uses [CSS’s Flexible Box module](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-flexbox-1/) for high flexibility.
- There are two types of layout: _containers_ and _items_.
- Item widths are set in percentages, so they’re always fluid and sized relative to their parent element.
- Items have padding to create the spacing between individual items.
- There are five grid breakpoints: xs, sm, md, lg, and xl.
- Integer values can be given to each breakpoint, indicating how many of the 12 available columns are occupied by the component when the viewport width satisfies the [breakpoint contraints](/customization/breakpoints/#default-breakpoints).

If you are **new to or unfamiliar with flexbox**, we encourage you to read this [CSS-Tricks flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/) guide.

## Spacing

The responsive grid focuses on consistent spacing widths, rather than column width.
Material Design margins and columns follow an **8px** square baseline grid.
The spacing property is an integer between 0 and 10 inclusive.
By default, the spacing between two grid items follows a linear function: `output(spacing) = spacing * 8px`, e.g. `spacing={2}` creates a 16px wide gap.

This output transformation function can be customized [using the theme](/customization/spacing/).

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/SpacingGrid.js", "bg": true}}

## Fluid grids

Fluid grids use columns that scale and resize content. A fluid grid’s layout can use breakpoints to determine if the layout needs to change dramatically.

### Basic grid

Column widths are integer values between 1 and 12; they apply at any breakpoint and indicate how many columns are occupied by the component.

A value given to a breakpoint applies to all the other breakpoints wider than it (unless overridden, as you can read later in this page). For example, `xs={12}` sizes a component to occupy the whole viewport width regardless of its size.

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/CenteredGrid.js", "bg": true}}

### Grid with multiple breakpoints

Components may have multiple widths defined, causing the layout to change at the defined breakpoint. Width values given to larger breakpoints override those given to smaller breakpoints.

For example, `xs={12} sm={6}` sizes a component to occupy half of the viewport width (6 columns) when viewport width is [600 or more pixels](/customization/breakpoints/#default-breakpoints). For smaller viewports, the component fills all 12 available columns.

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/FullWidthGrid.js", "bg": true}}

## Interactive

Below is an interactive demo that lets you explore the visual results of the different settings:

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/InteractiveGrid.js", "hideToolbar": true, "bg": true}}

## Auto-layout

The Auto-layout makes the _items_ equitably share the available space.
That also means you can set the width of one _item_ and the others will automatically resize around it.

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/AutoGrid.js", "bg": true}}

## Complex Grid

The following demo doesn't follow the Material Design specification, but illustrates how the grid can be used to build complex layouts.

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/ComplexGrid.js", "bg": true}}

## Nested Grid

The `container` and `item` properties are two independent booleans. They can be combined.

> A flex **container** is the box generated by an element with a computed display of `flex` or `inline-flex`. In-flow children of a flex container are called flex **items** and are laid out using the flex layout model.

https://www.w3.org/TR/css-flexbox-1/#box-model

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/NestedGrid.js", "bg": true}}

## Limitations

### Negative margin

There is one limitation with the negative margin we use to implement the spacing between items.
A horizontal scroll will appear if a negative margin goes beyond the `<body>`.
There are 3 available workarounds:

1. Not using the spacing feature and implementing it in user space `spacing={0}` (default).
2. Applying padding to the parent with at least half the spacing value applied to the child:

   ```jsx
   <body>
     <div style={{ padding: 20 }}>
       <Grid container spacing={5}>
         //...
       </Grid>
     </div>
   </body>
   ```

3. Adding `overflow-x: hidden;` to the parent.

### white-space: nowrap;

The initial setting on flex items is `min-width: auto`.
It's causing a positioning conflict when the children is using `white-space: nowrap;`.
You can experience the issue with:

```jsx
<Grid item xs>
  <Typography noWrap>
```

In order for the item to stay within the container you need to set `min-width: 0`.
In practice, you can set the `zeroMinWidth` property:

```jsx
<Grid item xs zeroMinWidth>
  <Typography noWrap>
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/AutoGridNoWrap.js", "bg": true}}

### direction: column | column-reverse

Though the `Grid` component has a `direction` property that allows values of `row`, `row-reverse`, `column`, and `column-reverse`,
there are some features that are not supported within `column` and `column-reverse` containers.
The properties which define the number of grids the component will use for a given breakpoint
(`xs`, `sm`, `md`, `lg`, and `xl`) are focused on controlling width
and do **not** have similar effects on height within `column` and `column-reverse` containers.
If used within `column` or `column-reverse` containers, these properties may have undesirable effects on the width of the `Grid` elements.

## CSS Grid Layout

Material-UI doesn't provide any CSS Grid functionality itself, but as seen below you can easily use CSS Grid to layout your pages.

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/CSSGrid.js", "bg": true}}

Commit message:

[docs] Change property/properties to prop/props (#22271)

docs/src/pages/components/grid/grid.md, after:

---
title: Grid React component
components: Grid
---

# Grid

<p class="description">The Material Design responsive layout grid adapts to screen size and orientation, ensuring consistency across layouts.</p>

The [grid](https://material.io/design/layout/responsive-layout-grid.html) creates visual consistency between layouts while allowing flexibility across a wide variety of designs.
Material Design’s responsive UI is based on a 12-column grid layout.

## How it works

The grid system is implemented with the `Grid` component:

- It uses [CSS’s Flexible Box module](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-flexbox-1/) for high flexibility.
- There are two types of layout: _containers_ and _items_.
- Item widths are set in percentages, so they’re always fluid and sized relative to their parent element.
- Items have padding to create the spacing between individual items.
- There are five grid breakpoints: xs, sm, md, lg, and xl.
- Integer values can be given to each breakpoint, indicating how many of the 12 available columns are occupied by the component when the viewport width satisfies the [breakpoint contraints](/customization/breakpoints/#default-breakpoints).

If you are **new to or unfamiliar with flexbox**, we encourage you to read this [CSS-Tricks flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/) guide.

## Spacing

The responsive grid focuses on consistent spacing widths, rather than column width.
Material Design margins and columns follow an **8px** square baseline grid.
The `spacing` prop value is an integer between 0 and 10 inclusive.
By default, the spacing between two grid items follows a linear function: `output(spacing) = spacing * 8px`, e.g. `spacing={2}` creates a 16px wide gap.

This output transformation function can be customized [using the theme](/customization/spacing/).

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/SpacingGrid.js", "bg": true}}

## Fluid grids

Fluid grids use columns that scale and resize content. A fluid grid’s layout can use breakpoints to determine if the layout needs to change dramatically.

### Basic grid

Column widths are integer values between 1 and 12; they apply at any breakpoint and indicate how many columns are occupied by the component.

A value given to a breakpoint applies to all the other breakpoints wider than it (unless overridden, as you can read later in this page). For example, `xs={12}` sizes a component to occupy the whole viewport width regardless of its size.

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/CenteredGrid.js", "bg": true}}

### Grid with multiple breakpoints

Components may have multiple widths defined, causing the layout to change at the defined breakpoint. Width values given to larger breakpoints override those given to smaller breakpoints.

For example, `xs={12} sm={6}` sizes a component to occupy half of the viewport width (6 columns) when viewport width is [600 or more pixels](/customization/breakpoints/#default-breakpoints). For smaller viewports, the component fills all 12 available columns.

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/FullWidthGrid.js", "bg": true}}

## Interactive

Below is an interactive demo that lets you explore the visual results of the different settings:

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/InteractiveGrid.js", "hideToolbar": true, "bg": true}}

## Auto-layout

The Auto-layout makes the _items_ equitably share the available space.
That also means you can set the width of one _item_ and the others will automatically resize around it.

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/AutoGrid.js", "bg": true}}

## Complex Grid

The following demo doesn't follow the Material Design specification, but illustrates how the grid can be used to build complex layouts.

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/ComplexGrid.js", "bg": true}}

## Nested Grid

The `container` and `item` props are two independent booleans; they can be combined to allow a Grid component to be both a flex container, and child.

> A flex **container** is the box generated by an element with a computed display of `flex` or `inline-flex`. In-flow children of a flex container are called flex **items** and are laid out using the flex layout model.

https://www.w3.org/TR/css-flexbox-1/#box-model

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/NestedGrid.js", "bg": true}}

## Limitations

### Negative margin

There is one limitation with the negative margin we use to implement the spacing between items.
A horizontal scroll will appear if a negative margin goes beyond the `<body>`.
There are 3 available workarounds:

1. Not using the spacing feature and implementing it in user space `spacing={0}` (default).
2. Applying padding to the parent with at least half the spacing value applied to the child:

   ```jsx
   <body>
     <div style={{ padding: 20 }}>
       <Grid container spacing={5}>
         //...
       </Grid>
     </div>
   </body>
   ```

3. Adding `overflow-x: hidden;` to the parent.

### white-space: nowrap;

The initial setting on flex items is `min-width: auto`.
It's causing a positioning conflict when the children is using `white-space: nowrap;`.
You can experience the issue with:

```jsx
<Grid item xs>
  <Typography noWrap>
```

In order for the item to stay within the container you need to set `min-width: 0`.
In practice, you can set the `zeroMinWidth` prop:

```jsx
<Grid item xs zeroMinWidth>
  <Typography noWrap>
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/AutoGridNoWrap.js", "bg": true}}

### direction: column | column-reverse

Though the `Grid` component has a `direction` prop that allows values of `row`, `row-reverse`, `column`, and `column-reverse`,
there are some features that are not supported within `column` and `column-reverse` containers.
The props which define the number of grids the component will use for a given breakpoint
(`xs`, `sm`, `md`, `lg`, and `xl`) are focused on controlling width
and do **not** have similar effects on height within `column` and `column-reverse` containers.
If used within `column` or `column-reverse` containers, these props may have undesirable effects on the width of the `Grid` elements.

## CSS Grid Layout

Material-UI doesn't provide any CSS Grid functionality itself, but as seen below you can easily use CSS Grid to layout your pages.

{{"demo": "pages/components/grid/CSSGrid.js", "bg": true}}
