docs/src/pages/demos/menus/menus.md, before:

---
title: Menu React component
components: Menu, MenuItem, MenuList, ClickAwayListener, Popover, Popper
---

# Menus

<p class="description">Menus display a list of choices on temporary surfaces.</p>

A [Menu](https://material.io/design/components/menus.html) displays a list of choices on a temporary surface. It appears when the user interacts with a button, or other control.

## Simple Menu

Simple menus open over the anchor element by default (this option can be changed via props). When close to a screen edge, simple menus vertically realign to make sure that all menu items are completely visible.

Choosing an option should immediately ideally commit the option and close the menu.

**Disambiguation**: In contrast to simple menus, simple dialogs can present additional detail related to the options available for a list item or provide navigational or orthogonal actions related to the primary task. Although they can display the same content, simple menus are preferred over simple dialogs because simple menus are less disruptive to the user’s current context.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/menus/SimpleMenu.js"}}

## Selected menus

If used for item selection, when opened, simple menus attempt to vertically align the currently selected menu item with the anchor element,
and the initial focus will be placed on the selected menu item.
The currently selected menu item is set using the `selected` property (from [ListItem](/api/list-item/)).
To use a selected menu item without impacting the initial focus or the vertical positioning of the menu, set the `variant` property to `menu`.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/menus/SimpleListMenu.js"}}

## MenuList composition

The `Menu` component uses the `Popover` component internally.
However, you might want to use a different positioning strategy, or not blocking the scroll.
For answering those needs, we expose a `MenuList` component that you can compose, with `Popper` in this example.

The primary responsibility of the `MenuList` component is to handle the focus.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/menus/MenuListComposition.js"}}

## Customized MenuItem

If you have been reading the [overrides documentation page](/customization/overrides/)
but you are not confident jumping in,
here is one example of how you can customize the `MenuItem`.

⚠️ While the material design specification encourages theming, this example is off the beaten path.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/menus/ListItemComposition.js"}}

The `MenuItem` is a wrapper around `ListItem` with some additional styles.
You can use the same list composition features with the `MenuItem` component:

## Max height menus

If the height of a menu prevents all menu items from being displayed, the menu can scroll internally.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/menus/LongMenu.js"}}

## Limitations

There is [a flexbox bug](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=327437) that prevents `text-overflow: ellipsis` from working in a flexbox layout.
You can use the `Typography` component with `noWrap` to workaround this issue:

{{"demo": "pages/demos/menus/TypographyMenu.js"}}

## Change Transition

Use a different transition.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/menus/FadeMenu.js"}}

## Complementary projects

For more advanced use cases you might be able to take advantage of:

### PopupState helper

There is a 3rd party package [`material-ui-popup-state`](https://github.com/jcoreio/material-ui-popup-state) that takes care of menu state for you in most cases.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/menus/MenuPopupState.js"}}

Commit message:

[docs] Remove NoSsr where possible (#15510)
* remove outdated comment

* add new backers

* rename 'Component Demos' -> 'Components'

* upgrade guide fix wrong format

* we depend on >=16.8.0 not >=16.3.0

* remove NoSsr where possible

* remove dead method

* link mui-treasury, to add more in the future

* Matt review

* Josh review

docs/src/pages/demos/menus/menus.md, after:

---
title: Menu React component
components: Menu, MenuItem, MenuList, ClickAwayListener, Popover, Popper
---

# Menus

<p class="description">Menus display a list of choices on temporary surfaces.</p>

A [Menu](https://material.io/design/components/menus.html) displays a list of choices on a temporary surface. It appears when the user interacts with a button, or other control.

## Simple Menu

Simple menus open over the anchor element by default (this option can be changed via props). When close to a screen edge, simple menus vertically realign to make sure that all menu items are completely visible.

Choosing an option should immediately ideally commit the option and close the menu.

**Disambiguation**: In contrast to simple menus, simple dialogs can present additional detail related to the options available for a list item or provide navigational or orthogonal actions related to the primary task. Although they can display the same content, simple menus are preferred over simple dialogs because simple menus are less disruptive to the user’s current context.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/menus/SimpleMenu.js"}}

## Selected menus

If used for item selection, when opened, simple menus attempt to vertically align the currently selected menu item with the anchor element,
and the initial focus will be placed on the selected menu item.
The currently selected menu item is set using the `selected` property (from [ListItem](/api/list-item/)).
To use a selected menu item without impacting the initial focus or the vertical positioning of the menu, set the `variant` property to `menu`.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/menus/SimpleListMenu.js"}}

## MenuList composition

The `Menu` component uses the `Popover` component internally.
However, you might want to use a different positioning strategy, or not blocking the scroll.
For answering those needs, we expose a `MenuList` component that you can compose, with `Popper` in this example.

The primary responsibility of the `MenuList` component is to handle the focus.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/menus/MenuListComposition.js"}}

## Customized menus

If you have read the [overrides documentation page](/customization/overrides/)
and you are still not confident jumping in, here are some examples of how you can customize the component.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/menus/CustomizedMenus.js"}}

The `MenuItem` is a wrapper around `ListItem` with some additional styles.
You can use the same list composition features with the `MenuItem` component:

## Max height menus

If the height of a menu prevents all menu items from being displayed, the menu can scroll internally.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/menus/LongMenu.js"}}

## Limitations

There is [a flexbox bug](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=327437) that prevents `text-overflow: ellipsis` from working in a flexbox layout.
You can use the `Typography` component with `noWrap` to workaround this issue:

{{"demo": "pages/demos/menus/TypographyMenu.js"}}

## Change Transition

Use a different transition.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/menus/FadeMenu.js"}}

## Complementary projects

For more advanced use cases you might be able to take advantage of:

### PopupState helper

There is a 3rd party package [`material-ui-popup-state`](https://github.com/jcoreio/material-ui-popup-state) that takes care of menu state for you in most cases.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/menus/MenuPopupState.js"}}
