docs/pages/api-docs/grow.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Grow/Grow.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Grow API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Grow React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

## Import

```js
import Grow from '@material-ui/core/Grow';
// or
import { Grow } from '@material-ui/core';
```

You can learn more about the difference by [reading this guide](/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/).

The Grow transition is used by the [Tooltip](/components/tooltips/) and
[Popover](/components/popover/) components.
It uses [react-transition-group](https://github.com/reactjs/react-transition-group) internally.



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">element</span> |  | A single child content element. |
| <span class="prop-name">in</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, show the component; triggers the enter or exit animation. |
| <span class="prop-name">timeout</span> | <span class="prop-type">'auto'<br>&#124;&nbsp;number<br>&#124;&nbsp;{ appear?: number, enter?: number, exit?: number }</span> | <span class="prop-default">'auto'</span> | The duration for the transition, in milliseconds. You may specify a single timeout for all transitions, or individually with an object.<br>Set to 'auto' to automatically calculate transition time based on height. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element ([Transition](https://reactcommunity.org/react-transition-group/transition/#Transition-props)).

## Inheritance

The props of the [Transition](https://reactcommunity.org/react-transition-group/transition/#Transition-props) component, from react-transition-group, are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Demos

- [Popover](/components/popover/)
- [Transitions](/components/transitions/)

Commit message:

[core] Remove unstable_StrictMode transition components (#20952)

docs/pages/api-docs/grow.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Grow/Grow.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Grow API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Grow React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

## Import

```js
import Grow from '@material-ui/core/Grow';
// or
import { Grow } from '@material-ui/core';
```

You can learn more about the difference by [reading this guide](/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/).

The Grow transition is used by the [Tooltip](/components/tooltips/) and
[Popover](/components/popover/) components.
It uses [react-transition-group](https://github.com/reactjs/react-transition-group) internally.



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">element</span> |  | A single child content element. |
| <span class="prop-name">disableStrictModeCompat</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | Enable this prop if you encounter 'Function components cannot be given refs', use `unstable_createStrictModeTheme`, and can't forward the ref in the child component. |
| <span class="prop-name">in</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, show the component; triggers the enter or exit animation. |
| <span class="prop-name">timeout</span> | <span class="prop-type">'auto'<br>&#124;&nbsp;number<br>&#124;&nbsp;{ appear?: number, enter?: number, exit?: number }</span> | <span class="prop-default">'auto'</span> | The duration for the transition, in milliseconds. You may specify a single timeout for all transitions, or individually with an object.<br>Set to 'auto' to automatically calculate transition time based on height. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element ([Transition](https://reactcommunity.org/react-transition-group/transition/#Transition-props)).

## Inheritance

The props of the [Transition](https://reactcommunity.org/react-transition-group/transition/#Transition-props) component, from react-transition-group, are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Demos

- [Popover](/components/popover/)
- [Transitions](/components/transitions/)
