docs/src/pages/discover-more/related-projects/related-projects.md, before:

# Related projects

<p class="description">A carefully curated list of libraries that are worth having a look at.</p>

Because the scope of problems Material-UI solves is bound, we try to play nicely with
other libraries.
Feel free to submit a pull request to add another project; it will be accepted if it is suitable.

## Design resources

- **Sketch**: [Sketch for Material-UI](https://themes.material-ui.com/themes/sketch-react/) — A large UI kit with over 1,500 handcrafted Material-UI's symbols 💎.
- **Figma**:
  - https://material.5ly.co/ for Material-UI made by Fively Team.
  - https://ui-kit.co/ a starter kit for your Material Design 2 project.
- **Framer**: [Framer X Kit](https://packages.framer.com/package/material-ui/material-ui) for Material-UI.

You didn't find the design assets your team is looking for? Let us know!

## Images and illustrations

- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com): 📷 A great resource for finding beautiful, high-resolution, free photos that you can use in your projects.
- [unDraw](https://undraw.co/): 📐 Like Unsplash but for amazing vector illustrations.

## Components

This is a collection of third-party projects that extend Material-UI.

### Layout

- [@mui-treasury/layout](https://mui-treasury.com/layout): Components to handle the overall layout of a page. You can find a couple of examples, e.g. [a reactjs.org clone](https://mui-treasury.com/layout/clones/reactjs).

### Tables

- [material-table](https://github.com/mbrn/material-table): A simple and powerful Datatable for React based on Material-UI Table with some additional features.
They support many different use cases (editable, filtering, grouping, sorting, selection, i18n, tree data and more). You should check it out.
- [dx-react-grid-material-ui](https://devexpress.github.io/devextreme-reactive/react/grid/): A data grid for Material-UI with paging, sorting, filtering, grouping and editing features ([paid license](https://js.devexpress.com/licensing/)).
- [mui-datatables](https://github.com/gregnb/mui-datatables): Responsive data tables for Material-UI with filtering, sorting, search and more.
- [tubular-react](https://github.com/unosquare/tubular-react): A Material-UI table with local or remote data-source. Featuring filtering, sorting, free-text search, export to CSV locally, and aggregations.

### Notifications

- [notistack](https://github.com/iamhosseindhv/notistack): Makes it easy to display snackbars (so you don't have to deal with open/close state of them).

### Upload

- [material-ui-dropzone](https://github.com/Yuvaleros/material-ui-dropzone): Built on top of react-dropzone.

### Forms

- [formik-material-ui](https://github.com/stackworx/formik-material-ui) Bindings for using Material-UI with formik.
- [redux-form-material-ui](https://github.com/erikras/redux-form-material-ui) A set of wrapper components to facilitate using Material UI with Redux Form.
- [final-form-material-ui](https://github.com/Deadly0/final-form-material-ui) A set of wrapper components to facilitate using Material UI with Final Form.
- [mui-rff](https://github.com/lookfirst/mui-rff) A set of wrapper components to facilitate using Material UI with React Final Form.

### Carousel

- [material-auto-rotating-carousel](https://mui.wertarbyte.com/#material-auto-rotating-carousel): Introduce new users to your app.

### Image

- [material-ui-image](https://mui.wertarbyte.com/#material-ui-image): Images are ugly until they're loaded. Materialize it with material image! It will fade in like the material image loading pattern suggests.

### Pagination

- [material-ui-flat-pagination](https://github.com/szmslab/material-ui-flat-pagination): A flat design pagination component for Material-UI.

### Schedulers/Calendars

- [dx-react-scheduler-material-ui](https://devexpress.github.io/devextreme-reactive/react/scheduler/): A scheduler/calendar component for Material-UI with multiple calendar views, editing, recurrence appointments and date navigation features ([paid license](https://js.devexpress.com/licensing/)).

### Charts

- [dx-react-chart-material-ui](https://devexpress.github.io/devextreme-reactive/react/chart/): Charts for Material-UI that visualizes data using a variety of series types, including bar, line, area, scatter, pie, and more ([paid license](https://js.devexpress.com/licensing/)).

### Dialogs

- [material-ui-confirm](https://github.com/jonatanklosko/material-ui-confirm): Provides easy to use confirmation dialogs to simplify confirming user actions without writing boilerplate code.

## Theming

- [create-mui-theme](https://react-theming.github.io/create-mui-theme/): An online tool for creating Material-UI themes via Material Design Color Tool.
- [material-ui-theme-editor](https://in-your-saas.github.io/material-ui-theme-editor/): A tool to generate themes for your Material-UI applications by just selecting the colors and having a live preview.
- [Material palette generator](https://material.io/inline-tools/color/): The Material palette generator can be used to generate a palette for any color you input.

Commit message:

[docs] Add blocks section to related-projects (#19562)

docs/src/pages/discover-more/related-projects/related-projects.md, after:

# Related projects

<p class="description">A carefully curated list of libraries that are worth having a look at.</p>

Because the scope of problems Material-UI solves is bound, we try to play nicely with
other libraries.
Feel free to submit a pull request to add another project; it will be accepted if it is suitable.

## Design resources

- **Sketch**: [Sketch for Material-UI](https://themes.material-ui.com/themes/sketch-react/) — A large UI kit with over 1,500 handcrafted Material-UI's symbols 💎.
- **Figma**:
  - https://material.5ly.co/ for Material-UI made by Fively Team.
  - https://ui-kit.co/ a starter kit for your Material Design 2 project.
- **Framer**: [Framer X Kit](https://packages.framer.com/package/material-ui/material-ui) for Material-UI.

You didn't find the design assets your team is looking for? Let us know!

## Images and illustrations

- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com): 📷 A great resource for finding beautiful, high-resolution, free photos that you can use in your projects.
- [unDraw](https://undraw.co/): 📐 Like Unsplash but for amazing vector illustrations.

## Components

This is a collection of third-party projects that extend Material-UI.

### Layout

- [@mui-treasury/layout](https://mui-treasury.com/layout): Components to handle the overall layout of a page. You can find a couple of examples, e.g. [a reactjs.org clone](https://mui-treasury.com/layout/clones/reactjs).

### Tables

- [material-table](https://github.com/mbrn/material-table): A simple and powerful Datatable for React based on Material-UI Table with some additional features.
They support many different use cases (editable, filtering, grouping, sorting, selection, i18n, tree data and more). You should check it out.
- [dx-react-grid-material-ui](https://devexpress.github.io/devextreme-reactive/react/grid/): A data grid for Material-UI with paging, sorting, filtering, grouping and editing features ([paid license](https://js.devexpress.com/licensing/)).
- [mui-datatables](https://github.com/gregnb/mui-datatables): Responsive data tables for Material-UI with filtering, sorting, search and more.
- [tubular-react](https://github.com/unosquare/tubular-react): A Material-UI table with local or remote data-source. Featuring filtering, sorting, free-text search, export to CSV locally, and aggregations.

### Notifications

- [notistack](https://github.com/iamhosseindhv/notistack): Makes it easy to display snackbars (so you don't have to deal with open/close state of them).

### Upload

- [material-ui-dropzone](https://github.com/Yuvaleros/material-ui-dropzone): Built on top of react-dropzone.

### Forms

- [formik-material-ui](https://github.com/stackworx/formik-material-ui) Bindings for using Material-UI with formik.
- [redux-form-material-ui](https://github.com/erikras/redux-form-material-ui) A set of wrapper components to facilitate using Material UI with Redux Form.
- [final-form-material-ui](https://github.com/Deadly0/final-form-material-ui) A set of wrapper components to facilitate using Material UI with Final Form.
- [mui-rff](https://github.com/lookfirst/mui-rff) A set of wrapper components to facilitate using Material UI with React Final Form.

### Carousel

- [material-auto-rotating-carousel](https://mui.wertarbyte.com/#material-auto-rotating-carousel): Introduce new users to your app.

### Image

- [material-ui-image](https://mui.wertarbyte.com/#material-ui-image): Images are ugly until they're loaded. Materialize it with material image! It will fade in like the material image loading pattern suggests.

### Pagination

- [material-ui-flat-pagination](https://github.com/szmslab/material-ui-flat-pagination): A flat design pagination component for Material-UI.

### Schedulers/Calendars

- [dx-react-scheduler-material-ui](https://devexpress.github.io/devextreme-reactive/react/scheduler/): A scheduler/calendar component for Material-UI with multiple calendar views, editing, recurrence appointments and date navigation features ([paid license](https://js.devexpress.com/licensing/)).

### Charts

- [dx-react-chart-material-ui](https://devexpress.github.io/devextreme-reactive/react/chart/): Charts for Material-UI that visualizes data using a variety of series types, including bar, line, area, scatter, pie, and more ([paid license](https://js.devexpress.com/licensing/)).

### Dialogs

- [material-ui-confirm](https://github.com/jonatanklosko/material-ui-confirm): Provides easy to use confirmation dialogs to simplify confirming user actions without writing boilerplate code.

## Blocks

- [components-extra](https://github.com/alexandre-lelain/components-extra): Provides a set of "molecule" components built on top of Material-UI like a Footer, a CookiesBanner, a BackToTop button and other complex elements highly customizable to help devs build the macro parts of their UI very quickly. Those components are often duplicated across sites - this library solves this exact problem.

## Theming

- [create-mui-theme](https://react-theming.github.io/create-mui-theme/): An online tool for creating Material-UI themes via Material Design Color Tool.
- [material-ui-theme-editor](https://in-your-saas.github.io/material-ui-theme-editor/): A tool to generate themes for your Material-UI applications by just selecting the colors and having a live preview.
- [Material palette generator](https://material.io/inline-tools/color/): The Material palette generator can be used to generate a palette for any color you input.
