docs/src/pages/demos/badges/badges.md, before:

---
title: Badge React component
components: Badge
---

# Badges

<p class="description">Badge generates a small badge to the top-right of its child(ren).</p>

## Simple Badges

Examples of badges containing text, using primary and secondary colors. The badge is applied to its children.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/badges/SimpleBadge.js"}}

## Maximum Value

You can use the `max` property to cap the value of the badge content.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/badges/BadgeMax.js"}}

## Dot Badge

The `dot` property changes a badge into a small dot. This can be used as a notification that something has changed without giving a count.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/badges/DotBadge.js"}}

## Badge visibility

The visibility of badges can be controlled using the `invisible` property.

The badge auto hides with badgeContent is zero. You can override this with the `showZero` property.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/badges/BadgeVisibility.js"}}

## Customized Badge

If you have been reading the [overrides documentation page](/customization/overrides/)
but you are not confident jumping in,
here is one example of how you can change the badge position.

⚠️ While the material design specification encourages theming, this example is off the beaten path.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/badges/CustomizedBadge.js"}}

Commit message:

[docs] Remove NoSsr where possible (#15510)
* remove outdated comment

* add new backers

* rename 'Component Demos' -> 'Components'

* upgrade guide fix wrong format

* we depend on >=16.8.0 not >=16.3.0

* remove NoSsr where possible

* remove dead method

* link mui-treasury, to add more in the future

* Matt review

* Josh review

docs/src/pages/demos/badges/badges.md, after:

---
title: Badge React component
components: Badge
---

# Badges

<p class="description">Badge generates a small badge to the top-right of its child(ren).</p>

## Simple Badges

Examples of badges containing text, using primary and secondary colors. The badge is applied to its children.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/badges/SimpleBadge.js"}}

## Maximum Value

You can use the `max` property to cap the value of the badge content.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/badges/BadgeMax.js"}}

## Dot Badge

The `dot` property changes a badge into a small dot. This can be used as a notification that something has changed without giving a count.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/badges/DotBadge.js"}}

## Badge visibility

The visibility of badges can be controlled using the `invisible` property.

The badge auto hides with badgeContent is zero. You can override this with the `showZero` property.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/badges/BadgeVisibility.js"}}

## Customized badges

If you have read the [overrides documentation page](/customization/overrides/)
and you are still not confident jumping in, here are some examples of how you can customize the component.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/badges/CustomizedBadges.js"}}
