docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v4/migration-v4.md, before:

# Migration from v4 to v5

<p class="description">Yeah, v5 has been released!</p>

Looking for the v4 docs? [Find them here](https://material-ui.com/versions/).

> This document is a work in progress.
> Have you upgraded your site and run into something that's not covered here?
> [Add your changes on GitHub](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v4/migration-v4.md).

## Introduction

This is a reference for upgrading your site from Material-UI v4 to v5.
While there's a lot covered here, you probably won't need to do everything for your site.
We'll do our best to keep things easy to follow, and as sequential as possible so you can quickly get rocking on v5!

## Why you should migrate

This documentation page covers the _how_ of migrating from v4 to v5.
The _why_ is covered in the [release blog post on Medium](https://medium.com/material-ui/material-ui-v4-is-out-4b7587d1e701).

## Updating your dependencies

The very first thing you will need to do is to update your dependencies.

### Update Material-UI version

You need to update your `package.json` to use the latest version of Material-UI.

```json
"dependencies": {
  "@material-ui/core": "^5.0.0-alpha.1"
}
```

Or run

```sh
npm install @material-ui/core@next

or

yarn add @material-ui/core@next
```

## Handling breaking changes

### non-ref-forwarding class components

Support for non-ref-forwarding class components in the `component` prop or as an immediate `children` has been dropped. If you were using `unstable_createStrictModeTheme` or didn't see any warnings related to `findDOMNode` in `React.StrictMode` then you don't need to do anything.
Otherwise check out the ["Caveat with refs" section in our composition guide](/guides/composition/#caveat-with-refs) to find out how to migrate.
This change affects almost all components where you're using the `component` prop or passing `children` to components that require `children` to be elements (e.g. `<MenuList><CustomMenuItem /></MenuList>`)

### BottomNavigation

- typescript: The `event` in `onChange` is no longer typed as a `React.ChangeEvent` but `React.SyntheticEvent`.
  ```diff
  -<BottomNavigation onChange={(event: React.ChangeEvent<{}>) => {}} />
  +<BottomNavigation onChange={(event: React.SyntheticEvent) => {}} />
  ```

### Button

- The button `color` prop is now "primary" by default, and "default" has been removed. This makes the button closer to the Material Design specification and simplifies the API.

  ```diff
  -<Button color="primary" />
  -<Button color="default" />
  +<Button />
  +<Button />
  ```

### Collapse

- The `collapsedHeight` prop was renamed `collapsedSize` to support the horizontal direction.

  ```diff
  -<Collapse collapsedHeight={40}>
  +<Collapse collapsedSize={40}>
  ```

- The `classes.container` key was changed to match the convention of the other components.

  ```diff
  -<Collapse classes={{ container: 'collapse' }}>
  +<Collapse classes={{ root: 'collapse' }}>
  ```

### Divider

- Use border instead of background color. It prevents inconsistent height on scaled screens. For people customizing the color of the border, the change requires changing the override CSS property:

  ```diff
  .MuiDivider-root {
  - background-color: #f00;
  + border-color: #f00;
  }
  ```

### Expansion Panel

- Rename the `ExpansionPanel` components with `Accordion` to use a more common naming convention:

  ```diff
  -import ExpansionPanel from '@material-ui/core/ExpansionPanel';
  -import ExpansionPanelSummary from '@material-ui/core/ExpansionPanelSummary';
  -import ExpansionPanelDetails from '@material-ui/core/ExpansionPanelDetails';
  -import ExpansionPanelActions from '@material-ui/core/ExpansionPanelActions';
  +import Accordion from '@material-ui/core/Accordion';
  +import AccordionSummary from '@material-ui/core/AccordionSummary';
  +import AccordionDetails from '@material-ui/core/AccordionDetails';
  +import AccordionActions from '@material-ui/core/AccordionActions';

  -<ExpansionPanel>
  +<Accordion>
  -  <ExpansionPanelSummary>
  +  <AccordionSummary>
       <Typography>Location</Typography>
       <Typography>Select trip destination</Typography>
  -  </ExpansionPanelSummary>
  +  </AccordionSummary>
  -  <ExpansionPanelDetails>
  +  <AccordionDetails>
       <Chip label="Barbados" onDelete={() => {}} />
       <Typography variant="caption">Select your destination of choice</Typography>
  -  </ExpansionPanelDetails>
  +  </AccordionDetails>
     <Divider />
  -  <ExpansionPanelActions>
  +  <AccordionActions>
       <Button size="small">Cancel</Button>
       <Button size="small">Save</Button>
  -  </ExpansionPanelActions>
  +  </AccordionActions>
  -</ExpansionPanel>
  +</Accordion>
  ```

- typescript: The `event` in `onChange` is no longer typed as a `React.ChangeEvent` but `React.SyntheticEvent`.

  ```diff
  -<Accordion onChange={(event: React.ChangeEvent<{}>, expanded: boolean) => {}} />
  +<Accordion onChange={(event: React.SyntheticEvent, expanded: boolean) => {}} />
  ```

### Fab

- Rename `round` to `circular` for consistency. The possible values should be adjectives, not nouns:

  ```diff
  -<Fab variant="round">
  +<Fab variant="circular">
  ```

### Grid

- Rename `justify` prop with `justifyContent` to be aligned with the CSS property name.

  ```diff
  -<Grid justify="center">
  +<Grid justifyContent="center">
  ```

### Pagination

- Rename `round` to `circular` for consistency. The possible values should be adjectives, not nouns:

  ```diff
  -<Pagination shape="round">
  +<Pagination shape="circular">
  ```

### PaginationItem

- Rename `round` to `circular` for consistency. The possible values should be adjectives, not nouns:

  ```diff
  -<PaginationItem shape="round">
  +<PaginationItem shape="circular">
  ```

### Rating

- Rename `visuallyhidden` to `visuallyHidden` for consistency:

  ```diff
  <Rating
    classes={{
  -    visuallyhidden: 'custom-visually-hidden-classname',
  +    visuallyHidden: 'custom-visually-hidden-classname',
    }}
  />
  ```

### RootRef

- This component was removed.
  You can get a reference to the underlying DOM node of our components via `ref` prop.
  The component relied on [`ReactDOM.findDOMNode`](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-dom.html#finddomnode) which is [deprecated in `React.StrictMode`](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html#warning-about-deprecated-finddomnode-usage).

  ```diff
  -<RootRef rootRef={ref}>
  -  <Button />
  -</RootRef>
  +<Button ref={ref} />
  ```

### Slider

- typescript: The `event` in `onChange` is no longer typed as a `React.ChangeEvent` but `React.SyntheticEvent`.
  ```diff
  -<Slider onChange={(event: React.ChangeEvent<{}>, value: unknown) => {}} />
  +<Slider onChange={(event: React.SyntheticEvent, value: unknown) => {}} />
  ```

### TablePagination

- The customization of the table pagination's actions labels must be done with the `getItemAriaLabel` prop. This increases consistency with the `Pagination` component.

  ```diff
  <TablePagination
  - backIconButtonText="Avant"
  - nextIconButtonText="Après
  + getItemAriaLabel={…}
  ```

### Tabs

- typescript: The `event` in `onChange` is no longer typed as a `React.ChangeEvent` but `React.SyntheticEvent`.
  ```diff
  -<Tabs onChange={(event: React.ChangeEvent<{}>, value: unknown) => {}} />
  +<Tabs onChange={(event: React.SyntheticEvent, value: unknown) => {}} />
  ```

### TextField

- Better isolate the fixed textarea height behavior to the dynamic one.
  You need to use the `rowsMin` prop in the following case:

  ```diff
  -<TextField rows={2} rowsMax={5} />
  +<TextField rowsMin={2} rowsMax={5} />
  ```

### TextareaAutosize

- Remove the `rows` prop, use the `rowsMin` prop instead.
  This change aims to clarify the behavior of the prop.

  ```diff
  -<TextareaAutosize rows={2} />
  +<TextareaAutosize rowsMin={2} />
  ```

### Typography

- Replace the `srOnly` prop so as to not duplicate the capabilities of [System](https://material-ui.com/system/basics/):

  ```diff
  -import Typography from '@material-ui/core/Typography';
  +import { visuallyHidden } from '@material-ui/system';
  +import styled from 'styled-component';

  +const Span = styled('span')(visuallyHidden);

  -<Typography variant="srOnly">Create a user</Typography>
  +<Span>Create a user</Span>
  ```

Commit message:

[Badge] Rename overlap circle -> circular and rectangle -> rectangular for consistency (#22050)

docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v4/migration-v4.md, after:

# Migration from v4 to v5

<p class="description">Yeah, v5 has been released!</p>

Looking for the v4 docs? [Find them here](https://material-ui.com/versions/).

> This document is a work in progress.
> Have you upgraded your site and run into something that's not covered here?
> [Add your changes on GitHub](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v4/migration-v4.md).

## Introduction

This is a reference for upgrading your site from Material-UI v4 to v5.
While there's a lot covered here, you probably won't need to do everything for your site.
We'll do our best to keep things easy to follow, and as sequential as possible so you can quickly get rocking on v5!

## Why you should migrate

This documentation page covers the _how_ of migrating from v4 to v5.
The _why_ is covered in the [release blog post on Medium](https://medium.com/material-ui/material-ui-v4-is-out-4b7587d1e701).

## Updating your dependencies

The very first thing you will need to do is to update your dependencies.

### Update Material-UI version

You need to update your `package.json` to use the latest version of Material-UI.

```json
"dependencies": {
  "@material-ui/core": "^5.0.0-alpha.1"
}
```

Or run

```sh
npm install @material-ui/core@next

or

yarn add @material-ui/core@next
```

## Handling breaking changes

### non-ref-forwarding class components

Support for non-ref-forwarding class components in the `component` prop or as an immediate `children` has been dropped. If you were using `unstable_createStrictModeTheme` or didn't see any warnings related to `findDOMNode` in `React.StrictMode` then you don't need to do anything.
Otherwise check out the ["Caveat with refs" section in our composition guide](/guides/composition/#caveat-with-refs) to find out how to migrate.
This change affects almost all components where you're using the `component` prop or passing `children` to components that require `children` to be elements (e.g. `<MenuList><CustomMenuItem /></MenuList>`)

### Badge

- Rename `circle` to `circular` and `rectangle` to `rectangular` for consistency. The possible values should be adjectives, not nouns:

  ```diff
  -<Badge overlap="circle">
  -<Badge overlap="rectangle">
  +<Badge overlap="circular">
  +<Badge overlap="rectangular">
  ```

### BottomNavigation

- typescript: The `event` in `onChange` is no longer typed as a `React.ChangeEvent` but `React.SyntheticEvent`.
  ```diff
  -<BottomNavigation onChange={(event: React.ChangeEvent<{}>) => {}} />
  +<BottomNavigation onChange={(event: React.SyntheticEvent) => {}} />
  ```

### Button

- The button `color` prop is now "primary" by default, and "default" has been removed. This makes the button closer to the Material Design specification and simplifies the API.

  ```diff
  -<Button color="primary" />
  -<Button color="default" />
  +<Button />
  +<Button />
  ```

### Collapse

- The `collapsedHeight` prop was renamed `collapsedSize` to support the horizontal direction.

  ```diff
  -<Collapse collapsedHeight={40}>
  +<Collapse collapsedSize={40}>
  ```

- The `classes.container` key was changed to match the convention of the other components.

  ```diff
  -<Collapse classes={{ container: 'collapse' }}>
  +<Collapse classes={{ root: 'collapse' }}>
  ```

### Divider

- Use border instead of background color. It prevents inconsistent height on scaled screens. For people customizing the color of the border, the change requires changing the override CSS property:

  ```diff
  .MuiDivider-root {
  - background-color: #f00;
  + border-color: #f00;
  }
  ```

### Expansion Panel

- Rename the `ExpansionPanel` components with `Accordion` to use a more common naming convention:

  ```diff
  -import ExpansionPanel from '@material-ui/core/ExpansionPanel';
  -import ExpansionPanelSummary from '@material-ui/core/ExpansionPanelSummary';
  -import ExpansionPanelDetails from '@material-ui/core/ExpansionPanelDetails';
  -import ExpansionPanelActions from '@material-ui/core/ExpansionPanelActions';
  +import Accordion from '@material-ui/core/Accordion';
  +import AccordionSummary from '@material-ui/core/AccordionSummary';
  +import AccordionDetails from '@material-ui/core/AccordionDetails';
  +import AccordionActions from '@material-ui/core/AccordionActions';

  -<ExpansionPanel>
  +<Accordion>
  -  <ExpansionPanelSummary>
  +  <AccordionSummary>
       <Typography>Location</Typography>
       <Typography>Select trip destination</Typography>
  -  </ExpansionPanelSummary>
  +  </AccordionSummary>
  -  <ExpansionPanelDetails>
  +  <AccordionDetails>
       <Chip label="Barbados" onDelete={() => {}} />
       <Typography variant="caption">Select your destination of choice</Typography>
  -  </ExpansionPanelDetails>
  +  </AccordionDetails>
     <Divider />
  -  <ExpansionPanelActions>
  +  <AccordionActions>
       <Button size="small">Cancel</Button>
       <Button size="small">Save</Button>
  -  </ExpansionPanelActions>
  +  </AccordionActions>
  -</ExpansionPanel>
  +</Accordion>
  ```

- typescript: The `event` in `onChange` is no longer typed as a `React.ChangeEvent` but `React.SyntheticEvent`.

  ```diff
  -<Accordion onChange={(event: React.ChangeEvent<{}>, expanded: boolean) => {}} />
  +<Accordion onChange={(event: React.SyntheticEvent, expanded: boolean) => {}} />
  ```

### Fab

- Rename `round` to `circular` for consistency. The possible values should be adjectives, not nouns:

  ```diff
  -<Fab variant="round">
  +<Fab variant="circular">
  ```

### Grid

- Rename `justify` prop with `justifyContent` to be aligned with the CSS property name.

  ```diff
  -<Grid justify="center">
  +<Grid justifyContent="center">
  ```

### Pagination

- Rename `round` to `circular` for consistency. The possible values should be adjectives, not nouns:

  ```diff
  -<Pagination shape="round">
  +<Pagination shape="circular">
  ```

### PaginationItem

- Rename `round` to `circular` for consistency. The possible values should be adjectives, not nouns:

  ```diff
  -<PaginationItem shape="round">
  +<PaginationItem shape="circular">
  ```

### Rating

- Rename `visuallyhidden` to `visuallyHidden` for consistency:

  ```diff
  <Rating
    classes={{
  -    visuallyhidden: 'custom-visually-hidden-classname',
  +    visuallyHidden: 'custom-visually-hidden-classname',
    }}
  />
  ```

### RootRef

- This component was removed.
  You can get a reference to the underlying DOM node of our components via `ref` prop.
  The component relied on [`ReactDOM.findDOMNode`](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-dom.html#finddomnode) which is [deprecated in `React.StrictMode`](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html#warning-about-deprecated-finddomnode-usage).

  ```diff
  -<RootRef rootRef={ref}>
  -  <Button />
  -</RootRef>
  +<Button ref={ref} />
  ```

### Slider

- typescript: The `event` in `onChange` is no longer typed as a `React.ChangeEvent` but `React.SyntheticEvent`.
  ```diff
  -<Slider onChange={(event: React.ChangeEvent<{}>, value: unknown) => {}} />
  +<Slider onChange={(event: React.SyntheticEvent, value: unknown) => {}} />
  ```

### TablePagination

- The customization of the table pagination's actions labels must be done with the `getItemAriaLabel` prop. This increases consistency with the `Pagination` component.

  ```diff
  <TablePagination
  - backIconButtonText="Avant"
  - nextIconButtonText="Après
  + getItemAriaLabel={…}
  ```

### Tabs

- typescript: The `event` in `onChange` is no longer typed as a `React.ChangeEvent` but `React.SyntheticEvent`.
  ```diff
  -<Tabs onChange={(event: React.ChangeEvent<{}>, value: unknown) => {}} />
  +<Tabs onChange={(event: React.SyntheticEvent, value: unknown) => {}} />
  ```

### TextField

- Better isolate the fixed textarea height behavior to the dynamic one.
  You need to use the `rowsMin` prop in the following case:

  ```diff
  -<TextField rows={2} rowsMax={5} />
  +<TextField rowsMin={2} rowsMax={5} />
  ```

### TextareaAutosize

- Remove the `rows` prop, use the `rowsMin` prop instead.
  This change aims to clarify the behavior of the prop.

  ```diff
  -<TextareaAutosize rows={2} />
  +<TextareaAutosize rowsMin={2} />
  ```

### Typography

- Replace the `srOnly` prop so as to not duplicate the capabilities of [System](https://material-ui.com/system/basics/):

  ```diff
  -import Typography from '@material-ui/core/Typography';
  +import { visuallyHidden } from '@material-ui/system';
  +import styled from 'styled-component';

  +const Span = styled('span')(visuallyHidden);

  -<Typography variant="srOnly">Create a user</Typography>
  +<Span>Create a user</Span>
  ```
