docs/src/pages/demos/progress/progress.md, before:

---
title: Circular Progress, Linear Progress React component
components: CircularProgress, LinearProgress
---

# Progress

<p class="description">Progress indicators express an unspecified wait time or display the length of a process.</p>

[Progress indicators](https://material.io/design/components/progress-indicators.html) inform users about the status of ongoing processes, such as loading an app, submitting a form, or saving updates. They communicate an app’s state and indicate available actions, such as whether users can navigate away from the current screen.

**Determinate** indicators display how long an operation will take.

**Indeterminate** indicators visualize an unspecified wait time.

#### Progress as a group

When displaying progress for a sequence of processes, indicate overall progress rather than the progress of each activity.

## Circular

[Circular progress](https://material.io/design/components/progress-indicators.html#circular-progress-indicators) support both determinate and indeterminate processes.

- **Determinate** circular indicators fill the invisible, circular track with color, as the indicator moves from 0 to 360 degrees.
- **Indeterminate** circular indicators grow and shrink in size while moving along the invisible track.

### Circular Indeterminate

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/CircularIndeterminate.js"}}

### Interactive Integration

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/CircularIntegration.js"}}

### Circular Determinate

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/CircularDeterminate.js"}}

### Circular Static

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/CircularStatic.js"}}

## Linear

[Linear progress](https://material.io/design/components/progress-indicators.html#linear-progress-indicators) indicators.

### Linear Indeterminate

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/LinearIndeterminate.js"}}

### Linear Determinate

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/LinearDeterminate.js"}}

### Linear Buffer

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/LinearBuffer.js"}}

### Linear Query

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/LinearQuery.js"}}

## Non-standard ranges

The progress components accept a value in the range 0 - 100. This simplifies things for screen-reader users, where these are the default min / max values. Sometimes, however, you might be working with a data source where the values fall outside this range. Here's how you can easily transform a value in any range to a scale of 0 - 100:

```jsx
// MIN = Minimum expected value
// MAX = Maximium expected value
// Function to normalise the values (MIN / MAX could be integrated)
const normalise = value => (value - MIN) * 100 / (MAX - MIN);

// Example component that utilizes the `normalise` function at the point of render.
function Progress(props) {
  return (
    <React.Fragment>
      <CircularProgress variant="determinate" value={normalise(props.value)} />
      <LinearProgress variant="determinate" value={normalise(props.value)} />
    </React.Fragment>
  )
}
```

## Customized Progress

If you have been reading the [overrides documentation page](/customization/overrides/)
but you are not confident jumping in,
here is one example of how you can customize the components.
The last demo demonstrates how you can build a Facebook like spinner.

⚠️ While the material design specification encourages theming, these examples are off the beaten path.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/CustomizedProgress.js"}}

## Delaying appearance

There are [3 important limits](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/response-times-3-important-limits/) to know around response time.
The ripple effect of the `ButtonBase` component ensures that the user feels that the system is reacting instantaneously.
Normally, no special feedback is necessary during delays of more than 0.1 but less than 1.0 second.
After 1.0 second, you can display a loader to keep user's flow of thought uninterrupted.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/DelayingAppearance.js"}}

## Limitations

Under heavy load, you might lose the stroke dash animation or see random CircularProgress ring widths.
You should run processor intensive operations in a web worker or by batch in order not to block the main rendering thread.

![heavy load](/static/images/progress/heavy-load.gif)

When it's not possible, you can leverage the `disableShrink` property to mitigate the issue.
See https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/10327

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/CircularUnderLoad.js"}}

Commit message:

[docs] Remove NoSsr where possible (#15510)
* remove outdated comment

* add new backers

* rename 'Component Demos' -> 'Components'

* upgrade guide fix wrong format

* we depend on >=16.8.0 not >=16.3.0

* remove NoSsr where possible

* remove dead method

* link mui-treasury, to add more in the future

* Matt review

* Josh review

docs/src/pages/demos/progress/progress.md, after:

---
title: Circular Progress, Linear Progress React component
components: CircularProgress, LinearProgress
---

# Progress

<p class="description">Progress indicators express an unspecified wait time or display the length of a process.</p>

[Progress indicators](https://material.io/design/components/progress-indicators.html) inform users about the status of ongoing processes, such as loading an app, submitting a form, or saving updates. They communicate an app’s state and indicate available actions, such as whether users can navigate away from the current screen.

**Determinate** indicators display how long an operation will take.

**Indeterminate** indicators visualize an unspecified wait time.

#### Progress as a group

When displaying progress for a sequence of processes, indicate overall progress rather than the progress of each activity.

## Circular

[Circular progress](https://material.io/design/components/progress-indicators.html#circular-progress-indicators) support both determinate and indeterminate processes.

- **Determinate** circular indicators fill the invisible, circular track with color, as the indicator moves from 0 to 360 degrees.
- **Indeterminate** circular indicators grow and shrink in size while moving along the invisible track.

### Circular Indeterminate

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/CircularIndeterminate.js"}}

### Interactive Integration

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/CircularIntegration.js"}}

### Circular Determinate

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/CircularDeterminate.js"}}

### Circular Static

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/CircularStatic.js"}}

## Linear

[Linear progress](https://material.io/design/components/progress-indicators.html#linear-progress-indicators) indicators.

### Linear Indeterminate

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/LinearIndeterminate.js"}}

### Linear Determinate

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/LinearDeterminate.js"}}

### Linear Buffer

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/LinearBuffer.js"}}

### Linear Query

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/LinearQuery.js"}}

## Non-standard ranges

The progress components accept a value in the range 0 - 100. This simplifies things for screen-reader users, where these are the default min / max values. Sometimes, however, you might be working with a data source where the values fall outside this range. Here's how you can easily transform a value in any range to a scale of 0 - 100:

```jsx
// MIN = Minimum expected value
// MAX = Maximium expected value
// Function to normalise the values (MIN / MAX could be integrated)
const normalise = value => (value - MIN) * 100 / (MAX - MIN);

// Example component that utilizes the `normalise` function at the point of render.
function Progress(props) {
  return (
    <React.Fragment>
      <CircularProgress variant="determinate" value={normalise(props.value)} />
      <LinearProgress variant="determinate" value={normalise(props.value)} />
    </React.Fragment>
  )
}
```

## Customized progress bars

If you have read the [overrides documentation page](/customization/overrides/)
and you are still not confident jumping in, here are some examples of how you can customize the component.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/CustomizedProgressBars.js"}}

## Delaying appearance

There are [3 important limits](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/response-times-3-important-limits/) to know around response time.
The ripple effect of the `ButtonBase` component ensures that the user feels that the system is reacting instantaneously.
Normally, no special feedback is necessary during delays of more than 0.1 but less than 1.0 second.
After 1.0 second, you can display a loader to keep user's flow of thought uninterrupted.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/DelayingAppearance.js"}}

## Limitations

Under heavy load, you might lose the stroke dash animation or see random CircularProgress ring widths.
You should run processor intensive operations in a web worker or by batch in order not to block the main rendering thread.

![heavy load](/static/images/progress/heavy-load.gif)

When it's not possible, you can leverage the `disableShrink` property to mitigate the issue.
See https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/10327

{{"demo": "pages/demos/progress/CircularUnderLoad.js"}}
