pages/api/bottom-navigation.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/BottomNavigation/BottomNavigation.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# BottomNavigation API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the BottomNavigation React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import BottomNavigation from '@material-ui/core/BottomNavigation';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content of the component. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'div'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">onChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the value changes.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object, value: any) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback<br>*value:* We default to the index of the child |
| <span class="prop-name">showLabels</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, all `BottomNavigationAction`s will show their labels. By default, only the selected `BottomNavigationAction` will show its label. |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">any</span> |  | The value of the currently selected `BottomNavigationAction`. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/packages/material-ui/src/BottomNavigation/BottomNavigation.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiBottomNavigation`.

## Demos

- [Bottom Navigation](/components/bottom-navigation/)

Commit message:

[docs] Document if a component is StrictMode compatible (#15718)
* [docs] Parse StrictMode readyness from describeConformance

* Allow undefined options

* Reduce whitespace

* [docs] Add StrictMode notes

* Link to strictmode section in reactjs docs

pages/api/bottom-navigation.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/BottomNavigation/BottomNavigation.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# BottomNavigation API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the BottomNavigation React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import BottomNavigation from '@material-ui/core/BottomNavigation';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content of the component. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'div'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">onChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the value changes.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object, value: any) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback<br>*value:* We default to the index of the child |
| <span class="prop-name">showLabels</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, all `BottomNavigationAction`s will show their labels. By default, only the selected `BottomNavigationAction` will show its label. |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">any</span> |  | The value of the currently selected `BottomNavigationAction`. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/packages/material-ui/src/BottomNavigation/BottomNavigation.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiBottomNavigation`.

## Notes

The component can cause issues in [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html).

## Demos

- [Bottom Navigation](/components/bottom-navigation/)
