pages/api/click-away-listener.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/ClickAwayListener/ClickAwayListener.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# ClickAwayListener API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the ClickAwayListener React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import ClickAwayListener from '@material-ui/core/ClickAwayListener';
```

Listen for click events that occur somewhere in the document, outside of the element itself.
For instance, if you need to hide a menu when people click anywhere else on your page.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">element</span> |  | The wrapped element. |
| <span class="prop-name">mouseEvent</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'onClick'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'onMouseDown'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'onMouseUp'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;false<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'onMouseUp'</span> | The mouse event to listen to. You can disable the listener by providing `false`. |
| <span class="prop-name required">onClickAway&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when a "click away" event is detected. |
| <span class="prop-name">touchEvent</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'onTouchStart'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'onTouchEnd'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;false<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'onTouchEnd'</span> | The touch event to listen to. You can disable the listener by providing `false`. |

The component cannot hold a ref.

Any other properties supplied will be spread to the root element ([EventListener](https://github.com/oliviertassinari/react-event-listener/)).

## Inheritance

The properties of the [EventListener](https://github.com/oliviertassinari/react-event-listener/) component, from react-event-listener, are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Demos

- [Menus](/demos/menus/)
- [Click Away Listener](/utils/click-away-listener/)

Commit message:

[docs] Document ref forwarding (requirements) (#15298)
Close #14415 

---

TODO: 
- [x] ClickAwayListener child ref (and derived components)
- [x] ref forwarding in "API Design Approach"
- [x] https://next.material-ui.com/getting-started/faq/#how-can-i-access-the-dom-element

Co-authored-by: Matt <github@nospam.33m.co>
Co-authored-by: Olivier Tassinari <olivier.tassinari@gmail.com>

pages/api/click-away-listener.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/ClickAwayListener/ClickAwayListener.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# ClickAwayListener API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the ClickAwayListener React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import ClickAwayListener from '@material-ui/core/ClickAwayListener';
```

Listen for click events that occur somewhere in the document, outside of the element itself.
For instance, if you need to hide a menu when people click anywhere else on your page.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">element</span> |  | The wrapped element.<br>⚠️The component used as a child [must be able to hold a ref](/guides/composition/#children). |
| <span class="prop-name">mouseEvent</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'onClick'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'onMouseDown'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'onMouseUp'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;false<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'onMouseUp'</span> | The mouse event to listen to. You can disable the listener by providing `false`. |
| <span class="prop-name required">onClickAway&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when a "click away" event is detected. |
| <span class="prop-name">touchEvent</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'onTouchStart'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'onTouchEnd'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;false<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'onTouchEnd'</span> | The touch event to listen to. You can disable the listener by providing `false`. |

The component cannot hold a ref.

Any other properties supplied will be spread to the root element ([EventListener](https://github.com/oliviertassinari/react-event-listener/)).

## Inheritance

The properties of the [EventListener](https://github.com/oliviertassinari/react-event-listener/) component, from react-event-listener, are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Demos

- [Menus](/demos/menus/)
- [Click Away Listener](/utils/click-away-listener/)
