pages/api/container.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Container/Container.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Container API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Container React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import Container from '@material-ui/core/Container';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  |  |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'div'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">fixed</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | Set the max-width to match the min-width of the current breakpoint. This is useful if you'd prefer to design for a fixed set of sizes instead of trying to accommodate a fully fluid viewport. It's fluid by default. |
| <span class="prop-name">maxWidth</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'xs', 'sm', 'md', 'lg', 'xl', false<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'lg'</span> | Determine the max-width of the container. The container width grows with the size of the screen. Set to `false` to disable `maxWidth`. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:

- `root`
- `fixed`
- `maxWidthXs`
- `maxWidthSm`
- `maxWidthMd`
- `maxWidthLg`
- `maxWidthXl`

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/packages/material-ui/src/Container/Container.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiContainer`.

## Demos

- [Container](/components/container/)

Commit message:

[docs] Document if a component is StrictMode compatible (#15718)
* [docs] Parse StrictMode readyness from describeConformance

* Allow undefined options

* Reduce whitespace

* [docs] Add StrictMode notes

* Link to strictmode section in reactjs docs

pages/api/container.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Container/Container.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Container API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Container React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import Container from '@material-ui/core/Container';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  |  |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'div'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">fixed</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | Set the max-width to match the min-width of the current breakpoint. This is useful if you'd prefer to design for a fixed set of sizes instead of trying to accommodate a fully fluid viewport. It's fluid by default. |
| <span class="prop-name">maxWidth</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'xs', 'sm', 'md', 'lg', 'xl', false<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'lg'</span> | Determine the max-width of the container. The container width grows with the size of the screen. Set to `false` to disable `maxWidth`. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:

- `root`
- `fixed`
- `maxWidthXs`
- `maxWidthSm`
- `maxWidthMd`
- `maxWidthLg`
- `maxWidthXl`

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/packages/material-ui/src/Container/Container.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiContainer`.

## Notes

The component is fully [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html) compatible.

## Demos

- [Container](/components/container/)
