pages/api/expansion-panel-actions.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/ExpansionPanelActions/ExpansionPanelActions.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# ExpansionPanelActions API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the ExpansionPanelActions React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import ExpansionPanelActions from '@material-ui/core/ExpansionPanelActions';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content of the component. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">action</span> | Styles applied to the children.

Have a look at [overriding with classes](/customization/overrides/#overriding-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/packages/material-ui/src/ExpansionPanelActions/ExpansionPanelActions.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiExpansionPanelActions`.

## Demos

- [Expansion Panels](/demos/expansion-panels/)

Commit message:

[actions] Rename disableActionSpacing to disableSpacing (#15355)

pages/api/expansion-panel-actions.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/ExpansionPanelActions/ExpansionPanelActions.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# ExpansionPanelActions API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the ExpansionPanelActions React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import ExpansionPanelActions from '@material-ui/core/ExpansionPanelActions';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content of the component. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">disableSpacing</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the actions do not have additional margin. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">spacing</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `disableSpacing={false}`.

Have a look at [overriding with classes](/customization/overrides/#overriding-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/packages/material-ui/src/ExpansionPanelActions/ExpansionPanelActions.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiExpansionPanelActions`.

## Demos

- [Expansion Panels](/demos/expansion-panels/)
