pages/api/form-label.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/FormLabel/FormLabel.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# FormLabel API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the FormLabel React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import FormLabel from '@material-ui/core/FormLabel';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content of the component. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'label'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the label should be displayed in a disabled state. |
| <span class="prop-name">error</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the label should be displayed in an error state. |
| <span class="prop-name">filled</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the label should use filled classes key. |
| <span class="prop-name">focused</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the input of this label is focused (used by `FormGroup` components). |
| <span class="prop-name">required</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the label will indicate that the input is required. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">focused</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `focused={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `disabled={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">error</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `error={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">filled</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `filled={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">required</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `required={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">asterisk</span> | Styles applied to the asterisk element.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/packages/material-ui/src/FormLabel/FormLabel.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiFormLabel`.

## Demos

- [Checkboxes](/components/checkboxes/)
- [Radio Buttons](/components/radio-buttons/)
- [Switches](/components/switches/)

Commit message:

[docs] Document if a component is StrictMode compatible (#15718)
* [docs] Parse StrictMode readyness from describeConformance

* Allow undefined options

* Reduce whitespace

* [docs] Add StrictMode notes

* Link to strictmode section in reactjs docs

pages/api/form-label.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/FormLabel/FormLabel.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# FormLabel API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the FormLabel React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import FormLabel from '@material-ui/core/FormLabel';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content of the component. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'label'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the label should be displayed in a disabled state. |
| <span class="prop-name">error</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the label should be displayed in an error state. |
| <span class="prop-name">filled</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the label should use filled classes key. |
| <span class="prop-name">focused</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the input of this label is focused (used by `FormGroup` components). |
| <span class="prop-name">required</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the label will indicate that the input is required. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">focused</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `focused={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `disabled={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">error</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `error={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">filled</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `filled={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">required</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `required={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">asterisk</span> | Styles applied to the asterisk element.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/packages/material-ui/src/FormLabel/FormLabel.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiFormLabel`.

## Notes

The component is fully [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html) compatible.

## Demos

- [Checkboxes](/components/checkboxes/)
- [Radio Buttons](/components/radio-buttons/)
- [Switches](/components/switches/)
