pages/api/linear-progress.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/LinearProgress/LinearProgress.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# LinearProgress API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the LinearProgress React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import LinearProgress from '@material-ui/core/LinearProgress';
```

## ARIA

If the progress bar is describing the loading progress of a particular region of a page,
you should use `aria-describedby` to point to the progress bar, and set the `aria-busy`
attribute to `true` on that region until it has finished loading.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">color</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'primary'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'secondary'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'primary'</span> | The color of the component. It supports those theme colors that make sense for this component. |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> |  | The value of the progress indicator for the determinate and buffer variants. Value between 0 and 100. |
| <span class="prop-name">valueBuffer</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> |  | The value for the buffer variant. Value between 0 and 100. |
| <span class="prop-name">variant</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'determinate'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'indeterminate'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'buffer'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'query'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'indeterminate'</span> | The variant to use. Use indeterminate or query when there is no progress value. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">colorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the root & bar2 element if `color="primary"`; bar2 if `variant-"buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the root & bar2 elements if `color="secondary"`; bar2 if `variant="buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">determinate</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="determinate"`.
| <span class="prop-name">indeterminate</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="indeterminate"`.
| <span class="prop-name">buffer</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">query</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="query"`.
| <span class="prop-name">dashed</span> | Styles applied to the additional bar element if `variant="buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">dashedColorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the additional bar element if `variant="buffer"` & `color="primary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">dashedColorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the additional bar element if `variant="buffer"` & `color="secondary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar</span> | Styles applied to the layered bar1 & bar2 elements.
| <span class="prop-name">barColorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the bar elements if `color="primary"`; bar2 if `variant` not "buffer".
| <span class="prop-name">barColorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the bar elements if `color="secondary"`; bar2 if `variant` not "buffer".
| <span class="prop-name">bar1Indeterminate</span> | Styles applied to the bar1 element if `variant="indeterminate or query"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar1Determinate</span> | Styles applied to the bar1 element if `variant="determinate"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar1Buffer</span> | Styles applied to the bar1 element if `variant="buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar2Indeterminate</span> | Styles applied to the bar2 element if `variant="indeterminate or query"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar2Buffer</span> | Styles applied to the bar2 element if `variant="buffer"`.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/packages/material-ui/src/LinearProgress/LinearProgress.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiLinearProgress`.

## Demos

- [Progress](/components/progress/)

Commit message:

[docs] Document if a component is StrictMode compatible (#15718)
* [docs] Parse StrictMode readyness from describeConformance

* Allow undefined options

* Reduce whitespace

* [docs] Add StrictMode notes

* Link to strictmode section in reactjs docs

pages/api/linear-progress.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/LinearProgress/LinearProgress.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# LinearProgress API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the LinearProgress React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import LinearProgress from '@material-ui/core/LinearProgress';
```

## ARIA

If the progress bar is describing the loading progress of a particular region of a page,
you should use `aria-describedby` to point to the progress bar, and set the `aria-busy`
attribute to `true` on that region until it has finished loading.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">color</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'primary'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'secondary'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'primary'</span> | The color of the component. It supports those theme colors that make sense for this component. |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> |  | The value of the progress indicator for the determinate and buffer variants. Value between 0 and 100. |
| <span class="prop-name">valueBuffer</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> |  | The value for the buffer variant. Value between 0 and 100. |
| <span class="prop-name">variant</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'determinate'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'indeterminate'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'buffer'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'query'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'indeterminate'</span> | The variant to use. Use indeterminate or query when there is no progress value. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">colorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the root & bar2 element if `color="primary"`; bar2 if `variant-"buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the root & bar2 elements if `color="secondary"`; bar2 if `variant="buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">determinate</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="determinate"`.
| <span class="prop-name">indeterminate</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="indeterminate"`.
| <span class="prop-name">buffer</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">query</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="query"`.
| <span class="prop-name">dashed</span> | Styles applied to the additional bar element if `variant="buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">dashedColorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the additional bar element if `variant="buffer"` & `color="primary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">dashedColorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the additional bar element if `variant="buffer"` & `color="secondary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar</span> | Styles applied to the layered bar1 & bar2 elements.
| <span class="prop-name">barColorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the bar elements if `color="primary"`; bar2 if `variant` not "buffer".
| <span class="prop-name">barColorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the bar elements if `color="secondary"`; bar2 if `variant` not "buffer".
| <span class="prop-name">bar1Indeterminate</span> | Styles applied to the bar1 element if `variant="indeterminate or query"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar1Determinate</span> | Styles applied to the bar1 element if `variant="determinate"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar1Buffer</span> | Styles applied to the bar1 element if `variant="buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar2Indeterminate</span> | Styles applied to the bar2 element if `variant="indeterminate or query"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar2Buffer</span> | Styles applied to the bar2 element if `variant="buffer"`.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/packages/material-ui/src/LinearProgress/LinearProgress.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiLinearProgress`.

## Notes

The component is fully [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html) compatible.

## Demos

- [Progress](/components/progress/)
