pages/api/link.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Link/Link.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Link API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Link React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import Link from '@material-ui/core/Link';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content of the link. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">color</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'default', 'error', 'inherit', 'primary', 'secondary', 'textPrimary', 'textSecondary'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'primary'</span> | The color of the link. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'a'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">TypographyClasses</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | `classes` property applied to the [`Typography`](/api/typography/) element. |
| <span class="prop-name">underline</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'none'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'hover'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'always'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'hover'</span> | Controls when the link should have an underline. |
| <span class="prop-name">variant</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> | <span class="prop-default">'inherit'</span> | Applies the theme typography styles. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element ([Typography](/api/typography/)).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">underlineNone</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `underline="none"`.
| <span class="prop-name">underlineHover</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `underline="hover"`.
| <span class="prop-name">underlineAlways</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `underline="always"`.
| <span class="prop-name">button</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `component="button"`.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Link/Link.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiLink`.

## Inheritance

The properties of the [Typography](/api/typography/) component are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Notes

The component is fully [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html) compatible.

## Demos

- [Breadcrumbs](/components/breadcrumbs/)
- [Links](/components/links/)

Commit message:

[Link] Better support of component="button" (#15863)
* Add focus style when focusing Button Link

* Fix build

* Update to use new useIsFocusVisible API

* rebase

* migrate two shallow usages to mount

pages/api/link.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Link/Link.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Link API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Link React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import Link from '@material-ui/core/Link';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content of the link. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">color</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'default', 'error', 'inherit', 'primary', 'secondary', 'textPrimary', 'textSecondary'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'primary'</span> | The color of the link. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'a'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">TypographyClasses</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | `classes` property applied to the [`Typography`](/api/typography/) element. |
| <span class="prop-name">underline</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'none'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'hover'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'always'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'hover'</span> | Controls when the link should have an underline. |
| <span class="prop-name">variant</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> | <span class="prop-default">'inherit'</span> | Applies the theme typography styles. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element ([Typography](/api/typography/)).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">underlineNone</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `underline="none"`.
| <span class="prop-name">underlineHover</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `underline="hover"`.
| <span class="prop-name">underlineAlways</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `underline="always"`.
| <span class="prop-name">button</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `component="button"`.
| <span class="prop-name">focusVisible</span> | Styles applied to the root element if the link is keyboard focused.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Link/Link.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiLink`.

## Inheritance

The properties of the [Typography](/api/typography/) component are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Notes

The component is fully [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html) compatible.

## Demos

- [Breadcrumbs](/components/breadcrumbs/)
- [Links](/components/links/)
