pages/api/snackbar.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Snackbar/Snackbar.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Snackbar API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Snackbar React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import Snackbar from '@material-ui/core/Snackbar';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">action</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The action to display. |
| <span class="prop-name">anchorOrigin</span> | <span class="prop-type">{ horizontal: enum:&nbsp;'left'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'center'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'right'<br>, vertical: enum:&nbsp;'top'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'bottom'<br> }</span> | <span class="prop-default">{ vertical: 'bottom', horizontal: 'center' }</span> | The anchor of the `Snackbar`. |
| <span class="prop-name">autoHideDuration</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> |  | The number of milliseconds to wait before automatically calling the `onClose` function. `onClose` should then set the state of the `open` prop to hide the Snackbar. This behavior is disabled by default with the `null` value. |
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">element</span> |  | Replace the `SnackbarContent` component. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">ClickAwayListenerProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Properties applied to the `ClickAwayListener` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">ContentProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Properties applied to the [`SnackbarContent`](/api/snackbar-content/) element. |
| <span class="prop-name">disableWindowBlurListener</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the `autoHideDuration` timer will expire even if the window is not focused. |
| <span class="prop-name">key</span> | <span class="prop-type">any</span> |  | When displaying multiple consecutive Snackbars from a parent rendering a single &lt;Snackbar/>, add the key property to ensure independent treatment of each message. e.g. &lt;Snackbar key={message} />, otherwise, the message may update-in-place and features such as autoHideDuration may be canceled. |
| <span class="prop-name">message</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The message to display. |
| <span class="prop-name">onClose</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the component requests to be closed. Typically `onClose` is used to set state in the parent component, which is used to control the `Snackbar` `open` prop. The `reason` parameter can optionally be used to control the response to `onClose`, for example ignoring `clickaway`.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object, reason: string) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback<br>*reason:* Can be:`"timeout"` (`autoHideDuration` expired) or: `"clickaway"` |
| <span class="prop-name">onEnter</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired before the transition is entering. |
| <span class="prop-name">onEntered</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the transition has entered. |
| <span class="prop-name">onEntering</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the transition is entering. |
| <span class="prop-name">onExit</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired before the transition is exiting. |
| <span class="prop-name">onExited</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the transition has exited. |
| <span class="prop-name">onExiting</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the transition is exiting. |
| <span class="prop-name">open</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If true, `Snackbar` is open. |
| <span class="prop-name">resumeHideDuration</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> |  | The number of milliseconds to wait before dismissing after user interaction. If `autoHideDuration` property isn't specified, it does nothing. If `autoHideDuration` property is specified but `resumeHideDuration` isn't, we default to `autoHideDuration / 2` ms. |
| <span class="prop-name">TransitionComponent</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">Grow</span> | The component used for the transition. |
| <span class="prop-name">transitionDuration</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;number&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;{ enter?: number, exit?: number }<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">{  enter: duration.enteringScreen,  exit: duration.leavingScreen,}</span> | The duration for the transition, in milliseconds. You may specify a single timeout for all transitions, or individually with an object. |
| <span class="prop-name">TransitionProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Properties applied to the `Transition` element. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">anchorOriginTopCenter</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `anchorOrigin={{ 'top', 'center' }}`.
| <span class="prop-name">anchorOriginBottomCenter</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `anchorOrigin={{ 'bottom', 'center' }}`.
| <span class="prop-name">anchorOriginTopRight</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `anchorOrigin={{ 'top', 'right' }}`.
| <span class="prop-name">anchorOriginBottomRight</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `anchorOrigin={{ 'bottom', 'right' }}`.
| <span class="prop-name">anchorOriginTopLeft</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `anchorOrigin={{ 'top', 'left' }}`.
| <span class="prop-name">anchorOriginBottomLeft</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `anchorOrigin={{ 'bottom', 'left' }}`.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Snackbar/Snackbar.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiSnackbar`.

## Notes

The component can cause issues in [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html).

## Demos

- [Snackbars](/components/snackbars/)

Commit message:

[docs] Batch changes (#16621)
* [docs] Try out an affiliation link under my name for 1 month to see the potential

I will create an Amazon associate account for Material-UI inc. if this experiment is successful.
For now, it was simpler to use my existing verfied account.
I have no idea about the potential. $10/month? $100/month? $1,000/month?

* [docs] The CSP guide was moved to the advanced styles section

* [docs] Not the most popular in China

* [test] innerRef shouldn't be used anymore

* [docs] Replace property -> prop on the JavaScript sources

I haven't touched the markdowns to reduce the overhead of this effort and to to invalidate the translation.
We gonna have to do it at some point.

* [docs] Sync the typography markdown with the demo

* [test] Use the render = createClientRender convention

* fix build

pages/api/snackbar.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Snackbar/Snackbar.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Snackbar API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Snackbar React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import Snackbar from '@material-ui/core/Snackbar';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">action</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The action to display. |
| <span class="prop-name">anchorOrigin</span> | <span class="prop-type">{ horizontal: enum:&nbsp;'left'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'center'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'right'<br>, vertical: enum:&nbsp;'top'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'bottom'<br> }</span> | <span class="prop-default">{ vertical: 'bottom', horizontal: 'center' }</span> | The anchor of the `Snackbar`. |
| <span class="prop-name">autoHideDuration</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> |  | The number of milliseconds to wait before automatically calling the `onClose` function. `onClose` should then set the state of the `open` prop to hide the Snackbar. This behavior is disabled by default with the `null` value. |
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">element</span> |  | Replace the `SnackbarContent` component. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">ClickAwayListenerProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Properties applied to the `ClickAwayListener` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">ContentProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Properties applied to the [`SnackbarContent`](/api/snackbar-content/) element. |
| <span class="prop-name">disableWindowBlurListener</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the `autoHideDuration` timer will expire even if the window is not focused. |
| <span class="prop-name">key</span> | <span class="prop-type">any</span> |  | When displaying multiple consecutive Snackbars from a parent rendering a single &lt;Snackbar/>, add the key prop to ensure independent treatment of each message. e.g. &lt;Snackbar key={message} />, otherwise, the message may update-in-place and features such as autoHideDuration may be canceled. |
| <span class="prop-name">message</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The message to display. |
| <span class="prop-name">onClose</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the component requests to be closed. Typically `onClose` is used to set state in the parent component, which is used to control the `Snackbar` `open` prop. The `reason` parameter can optionally be used to control the response to `onClose`, for example ignoring `clickaway`.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object, reason: string) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback<br>*reason:* Can be:`"timeout"` (`autoHideDuration` expired) or: `"clickaway"` |
| <span class="prop-name">onEnter</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired before the transition is entering. |
| <span class="prop-name">onEntered</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the transition has entered. |
| <span class="prop-name">onEntering</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the transition is entering. |
| <span class="prop-name">onExit</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired before the transition is exiting. |
| <span class="prop-name">onExited</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the transition has exited. |
| <span class="prop-name">onExiting</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the transition is exiting. |
| <span class="prop-name">open</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If true, `Snackbar` is open. |
| <span class="prop-name">resumeHideDuration</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> |  | The number of milliseconds to wait before dismissing after user interaction. If `autoHideDuration` prop isn't specified, it does nothing. If `autoHideDuration` prop is specified but `resumeHideDuration` isn't, we default to `autoHideDuration / 2` ms. |
| <span class="prop-name">TransitionComponent</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">Grow</span> | The component used for the transition. |
| <span class="prop-name">transitionDuration</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;number&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;{ enter?: number, exit?: number }<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">{  enter: duration.enteringScreen,  exit: duration.leavingScreen,}</span> | The duration for the transition, in milliseconds. You may specify a single timeout for all transitions, or individually with an object. |
| <span class="prop-name">TransitionProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Properties applied to the `Transition` element. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` prop.
This prop accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">anchorOriginTopCenter</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `anchorOrigin={{ 'top', 'center' }}`.
| <span class="prop-name">anchorOriginBottomCenter</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `anchorOrigin={{ 'bottom', 'center' }}`.
| <span class="prop-name">anchorOriginTopRight</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `anchorOrigin={{ 'top', 'right' }}`.
| <span class="prop-name">anchorOriginBottomRight</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `anchorOrigin={{ 'bottom', 'right' }}`.
| <span class="prop-name">anchorOriginTopLeft</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `anchorOrigin={{ 'top', 'left' }}`.
| <span class="prop-name">anchorOriginBottomLeft</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `anchorOrigin={{ 'bottom', 'left' }}`.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Snackbar/Snackbar.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiSnackbar`.

## Notes

The component can cause issues in [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html).

## Demos

- [Snackbars](/components/snackbars/)
