pages/api/toggle-button-group.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui-lab/src/ToggleButtonGroup/ToggleButtonGroup.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# ToggleButtonGroup API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the ToggleButtonGroup React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import ToggleButtonGroup from '@material-ui/lab/ToggleButtonGroup';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content of the button. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">exclusive</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, only allow one of the child ToggleButton values to be selected. |
| <span class="prop-name">onChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the value changes.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object, value: object) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback<br>*value:* of the selected buttons. When `exclusive` is true this is a single value; when false an array of selected values. If no value is selected and `exclusive` is true the value is null; when false an empty array. |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">any</span> |  | The currently selected value within the group or an array of selected values when `exclusive` is false. |

The component cannot hold a ref.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/packages/material-ui-lab/src/ToggleButtonGroup/ToggleButtonGroup.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiToggleButtonGroup`.

## Notes

The component can cause issues in [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html).

## Demos

- [Toggle Button](/components/toggle-button/)

Commit message:

[ToggleButtonGroup] Add size prop (#15644)
* added prop description for Select component

* added feature request size large for toggle button

* created size feature for toggle button group

* removed unrelated diffs

* remove unrelated diffs in packages

* removed another unnecessary diff

* removed another unnecessary diff

* updated docs:api

* formatted js with yarn prettier

* formatting changes

* added docs demo to show new sizes

* added docs demo to show new sizes

* size demo complete

* updated docs:api

* added demo with dynamic sizing, implemented requested changes.

* removed unused imports from demo

* formatting change

* more formatting change

* simplify the demos

pages/api/toggle-button-group.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui-lab/src/ToggleButtonGroup/ToggleButtonGroup.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# ToggleButtonGroup API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the ToggleButtonGroup React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import ToggleButtonGroup from '@material-ui/lab/ToggleButtonGroup';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content of the button. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">exclusive</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, only allow one of the child ToggleButton values to be selected. |
| <span class="prop-name">onChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the value changes.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object, value: object) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback<br>*value:* of the selected buttons. When `exclusive` is true this is a single value; when false an array of selected values. If no value is selected and `exclusive` is true the value is null; when false an empty array. |
| <span class="prop-name">size</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'small'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'medium'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'large'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'medium'</span> | The size of the buttons. |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">any</span> |  | The currently selected value within the group or an array of selected values when `exclusive` is false. |

The component cannot hold a ref.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/packages/material-ui-lab/src/ToggleButtonGroup/ToggleButtonGroup.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiToggleButtonGroup`.

## Notes

The component can cause issues in [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html).

## Demos

- [Toggle Button](/components/toggle-button/)
