pages/api/touch-ripple.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/ButtonBase/TouchRipple.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# TouchRipple API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the TouchRipple React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import TouchRipple from '@material-ui/core/ButtonBase/TouchRipple';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">center</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the ripple starts at the center of the component rather than at the point of interaction. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |

The `ref` is attached to a component class.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">ripple</span> | Styles applied to the internal `Ripple` components `ripple` class.
| <span class="prop-name">rippleVisible</span> | Styles applied to the internal `Ripple` components `rippleVisible` class.
| <span class="prop-name">ripplePulsate</span> | Styles applied to the internal `Ripple` components `ripplePulsate` class.
| <span class="prop-name">child</span> | Styles applied to the internal `Ripple` components `child` class.
| <span class="prop-name">childLeaving</span> | Styles applied to the internal `Ripple` components `childLeaving` class.
| <span class="prop-name">childPulsate</span> | Styles applied to the internal `Ripple` components `childPulsate` class.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/ButtonBase/TouchRipple.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiTouchRipple`.

## Notes

The component is fully [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html) compatible.

Commit message:

[TouchRipple] Convert to function component (#16522)
* Convert tests to react-testing-library

* Convert to function component

* Memo propTypes fix

* Fix ButtonGroup ripple tests

* Add fakeElement back into specific ripple test

* Add muiName to memo output

* Fix react-docgen hoc resolver issues

* Add describeConformance back in

* Ref forwarding to Imperative Handle experimentation -- please be kind Seb :P

* Increase readability

* v5 comment

pages/api/touch-ripple.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/ButtonBase/TouchRipple.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# TouchRipple API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the TouchRipple React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import TouchRipple from '@material-ui/core/ButtonBase/TouchRipple';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">center</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the ripple starts at the center of the component rather than at the point of interaction. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |

The `ref` is attached to an Imperative Handle. Have a look at the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/ButtonBase/TouchRipple.js) for more detail.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` property.
This property accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">ripple</span> | Styles applied to the internal `Ripple` components `ripple` class.
| <span class="prop-name">rippleVisible</span> | Styles applied to the internal `Ripple` components `rippleVisible` class.
| <span class="prop-name">ripplePulsate</span> | Styles applied to the internal `Ripple` components `ripplePulsate` class.
| <span class="prop-name">child</span> | Styles applied to the internal `Ripple` components `child` class.
| <span class="prop-name">childLeaving</span> | Styles applied to the internal `Ripple` components `childLeaving` class.
| <span class="prop-name">childPulsate</span> | Styles applied to the internal `Ripple` components `childPulsate` class.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/ButtonBase/TouchRipple.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiTouchRipple`.

## Notes

The component is fully [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html) compatible.
