docs/src/pages/demos/snackbars/snackbars.md, before:

---
title: Snackbar React component
components: Snackbar, SnackbarContent
---

# Snackbars

<p class="description">Snackbars provide brief messages about app processes through a message - typically at the bottom of the screen</p>

[Snackbars](https://material.io/design/components/snackbars.html) inform users of a process that an app has performed or will perform. They appear temporarily, towards the bottom of the screen. They shouldn’t interrupt the user experience, and they don’t require user input to disappear.

Snackbars contain a single line of text directly related to the operation performed.
They may contain a text action, but no icons. You can use them to display notifications.

#### Frequency

Only one snackbar may be displayed at a time.

## Simple

A basic snackbar that aims to reproduce Google Keep's snackbar behavior.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/SimpleSnackbar.js"}}

## Customized Snackbars

If you have been reading the [overrides documentation page](/customization/overrides/)
but you are not confident jumping in,
here are examples of how you can change the look of a Snackbar.

⚠️ While the material design specification encourages theming, these examples are off the beaten path.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/CustomizedSnackbars.js"}}

## Positioned

There may be circumstances when the placement of the snackbar needs to be more flexible.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/PositionedSnackbar.js"}}

## Message Length

Some snackbars with varying message length.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/LongTextSnackbar.js"}}

## Transitions

### Consecutive Snackbars

When multiple snackbar updates are necessary, they should appear one at a time.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/ConsecutiveSnackbars.js"}}

### Snackbars and floating action buttons (FABs)

Snackbars should appear above FABs (on mobile).

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/FabIntegrationSnackbar.js", "iframe": true, "maxWidth": 500}}

### Change Transition

[Grow](/utils/transitions/#grow) is the default transition but you can use a different one.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/TransitionsSnackbar.js"}}

### Control Slide direction

You can change the direction of the [Slide](/utils/transitions/#slide) transition.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/DirectionSnackbar.js"}}

## Complementary projects

For more advanced use cases you might be able to take advantage of:

### notistack

![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/iamhosseindhv/notistack.svg?style=social&label=Stars)
![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/notistack.svg)

In the following example, we demonstrate how to use [notistack](https://github.com/iamhosseindhv/notistack).
notistack makes it easy to display snackbars (so you don't have to deal with open/close state of them).
It also enables you to stack them on top of one another (but discouraged by the specification).

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/IntegrationNotistack.js"}}

Commit message:

[docs] Remove NoSsr where possible (#15510)
* remove outdated comment

* add new backers

* rename 'Component Demos' -> 'Components'

* upgrade guide fix wrong format

* we depend on >=16.8.0 not >=16.3.0

* remove NoSsr where possible

* remove dead method

* link mui-treasury, to add more in the future

* Matt review

* Josh review

docs/src/pages/demos/snackbars/snackbars.md, after:

---
title: Snackbar React component
components: Snackbar, SnackbarContent
---

# Snackbars

<p class="description">Snackbars provide brief messages about app processes through a message - typically at the bottom of the screen</p>

[Snackbars](https://material.io/design/components/snackbars.html) inform users of a process that an app has performed or will perform. They appear temporarily, towards the bottom of the screen. They shouldn’t interrupt the user experience, and they don’t require user input to disappear.

Snackbars contain a single line of text directly related to the operation performed.
They may contain a text action, but no icons. You can use them to display notifications.

#### Frequency

Only one snackbar may be displayed at a time.

## Simple

A basic snackbar that aims to reproduce Google Keep's snackbar behavior.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/SimpleSnackbar.js"}}

## Customized snackbars

If you have read the [overrides documentation page](/customization/overrides/)
and you are still not confident jumping in, here are some examples of how you can customize the component.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/CustomizedSnackbars.js"}}

## Positioned

There may be circumstances when the placement of the snackbar needs to be more flexible.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/PositionedSnackbar.js"}}

## Message Length

Some snackbars with varying message length.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/LongTextSnackbar.js"}}

## Transitions

### Consecutive Snackbars

When multiple snackbar updates are necessary, they should appear one at a time.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/ConsecutiveSnackbars.js"}}

### Snackbars and floating action buttons (FABs)

Snackbars should appear above FABs (on mobile).

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/FabIntegrationSnackbar.js", "iframe": true, "maxWidth": 500}}

### Change Transition

[Grow](/utils/transitions/#grow) is the default transition but you can use a different one.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/TransitionsSnackbar.js"}}

### Control Slide direction

You can change the direction of the [Slide](/utils/transitions/#slide) transition.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/DirectionSnackbar.js"}}

## Complementary projects

For more advanced use cases you might be able to take advantage of:

### notistack

![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/iamhosseindhv/notistack.svg?style=social&label=Stars)
![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/notistack.svg)

In the following example, we demonstrate how to use [notistack](https://github.com/iamhosseindhv/notistack).
notistack makes it easy to display snackbars (so you don't have to deal with open/close state of them).
It also enables you to stack them on top of one another (but discouraged by the specification).

{{"demo": "pages/demos/snackbars/IntegrationNotistack.js"}}
