docs/src/pages/components/tables/tables.md, before:

---
title: Table React component
components: Table, TableBody, TableCell, TableContainer, TableFooter, TableHead, TablePagination, TableRow, TableSortLabel
---

# Table

<p class="description">Tables display sets of data. They can be fully customized.</p>

[Tables](https://material.io/design/components/data-tables.html) display information in a way that’s easy to scan, so that users can look for patterns and insights. They can be embedded in primary content, such as cards.

Tables can include:

- A corresponding visualization
- Navigation
- Tools to query and manipulate data

When including tools, they should be placed directly above or below the table.

## Structure

A data table contains a header row at the top that lists column names, followed by rows for data.

Checkboxes should accompany each row if the user needs to select or manipulate data.

For accessibility, the first column is set to be a `<th>` element, with a `scope` of `"col"`. This enables screen readers to identify a cell's value by its row and column name.

## Simple Table

A simple example with no frills.

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/SimpleTable.js", "bg": true}}

## Dense Table

A simple example of a dense table with no frills.

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/DenseTable.js", "bg": true}}

## Sorting & Selecting

This example demonstrates the use of `Checkbox` and clickable rows for selection, with a custom `Toolbar`. It uses the `TableSortLabel` component to help style column headings.

The Table has been given a fixed width to demonstrate horizontal scrolling. In order to prevent the pagination controls from scrolling, the TablePagination component is used outside of the Table. (The ['Custom Table Pagination Action' example](#custom-pagination-actions) below shows the pagination within the TableFooter.)

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/EnhancedTable.js", "bg": true}}

## Customized tables

Here is an example of customizing the component. You can learn more about this in the
[overrides documentation page](/customization/components/).

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/CustomizedTables.js", "bg": true}}

### Custom pagination options

It's possible to customize the options shown in the "Rows per page" select using the `rowsPerPageOptions` prop.
You should either provide an array of:

- **numbers**, each number will be used for the option's label and value.

  ```jsx
  <TablePagination rowsPerPageOptions={[10, 50]} />
  ```

- **objects**, the `value` and `label` keys will be used respectively for the value and label of the option (useful for language strings such as 'All').

  ```jsx
  <TablePagination rowsPerPageOptions={[10, 50, { value: -1, label: 'All' }]} />
  ```

### Custom pagination actions

The `ActionsComponent` prop of the `TablePagination` component allows the implementation of custom actions.

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/CustomPaginationActionsTable.js", "bg": true}}

## Fixed header

An example of a table with scrollable rows and fixed column headers.
It leverages the `stickyHeader` prop (⚠️ no IE 11 support).

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/StickyHeadTable.js", "bg": true}}

## Collapsible table

An example of a table with expandable rows, revealing more information.
It utilizes the [`Collapse`](/api/collapse/) component.

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/CollapsibleTable.js", "bg": true}}

## Spanning Table

A simple example with spanning rows & columns.

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/SpanningTable.js", "bg": true}}

## Virtualized Table

In the following example, we demonstrate how to use [react-virtualized](https://github.com/bvaughn/react-virtualized) with the `Table` component.
It renders 200 rows and can easily handle more.
Virtualization helps with performance issues.

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/ReactVirtualizedTable.js", "bg": true}}

## Complementary projects

For more advanced use cases you might be able to take advantage of:

### material-table

![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/mbrn/material-table.svg?style=social&label=Stars)
![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/material-table.svg)

[material-table](https://github.com/mbrn/material-table) is a simple and powerful Datatable for React based on Material-UI Table with some additional features.
They support many different use cases (editable, filtering, grouping, sorting, selection, i18n, tree data and more). You should check it out.

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/MaterialTableDemo.js", "bg": true}}

### Other

- [dx-react-grid-material-ui](https://devexpress.github.io/devextreme-reactive/react/grid/): A data grid for Material-UI with paging, sorting, filtering, grouping and editing features ([paid license](https://js.devexpress.com/licensing/)).
- [mui-datatables](https://github.com/gregnb/mui-datatables): Responsive data tables for Material-UI with filtering, sorting, search and more.
- [tubular-react](https://github.com/unosquare/tubular-react): A Material-UI table with local or remote data-source. Featuring filtering, sorting, free-text search, export to CSV locally, and aggregations.

## Accessibility

(WAI tutorial: https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/tables/)

### Caption

A caption functions like a heading for a table. Most screen readers announce the content of captions. Captions help users to find a table and understand what it’s about and decide if they want to read it.

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/AcccessibleTable.js", "bg": true}}

Commit message:

[docs] Add links in the header (#22210)

docs/src/pages/components/tables/tables.md, after:

---
title: Table React component
components: Table, TableBody, TableCell, TableContainer, TableFooter, TableHead, TablePagination, TableRow, TableSortLabel
githubLabel: component: Table
materialDesign: https://material.io/components/data-tables
---

# Table

<p class="description">Tables display sets of data. They can be fully customized.</p>

Tables display information in a way that’s easy to scan, so that users can look for patterns and insights. They can be embedded in primary content, such as cards.

Tables can include:

- A corresponding visualization
- Navigation
- Tools to query and manipulate data

When including tools, they should be placed directly above or below the table.

{{"component": "modules/components/ComponentLinkHeader.js"}}

## Structure

A data table contains a header row at the top that lists column names, followed by rows for data.

Checkboxes should accompany each row if the user needs to select or manipulate data.

For accessibility, the first column is set to be a `<th>` element, with a `scope` of `"col"`. This enables screen readers to identify a cell's value by its row and column name.

## Simple Table

A simple example with no frills.

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/SimpleTable.js", "bg": true}}

## Dense Table

A simple example of a dense table with no frills.

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/DenseTable.js", "bg": true}}

## Sorting & Selecting

This example demonstrates the use of `Checkbox` and clickable rows for selection, with a custom `Toolbar`. It uses the `TableSortLabel` component to help style column headings.

The Table has been given a fixed width to demonstrate horizontal scrolling. In order to prevent the pagination controls from scrolling, the TablePagination component is used outside of the Table. (The ['Custom Table Pagination Action' example](#custom-pagination-actions) below shows the pagination within the TableFooter.)

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/EnhancedTable.js", "bg": true}}

## Customized tables

Here is an example of customizing the component. You can learn more about this in the
[overrides documentation page](/customization/components/).

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/CustomizedTables.js", "bg": true}}

### Custom pagination options

It's possible to customize the options shown in the "Rows per page" select using the `rowsPerPageOptions` prop.
You should either provide an array of:

- **numbers**, each number will be used for the option's label and value.

  ```jsx
  <TablePagination rowsPerPageOptions={[10, 50]} />
  ```

- **objects**, the `value` and `label` keys will be used respectively for the value and label of the option (useful for language strings such as 'All').

  ```jsx
  <TablePagination rowsPerPageOptions={[10, 50, { value: -1, label: 'All' }]} />
  ```

### Custom pagination actions

The `ActionsComponent` prop of the `TablePagination` component allows the implementation of custom actions.

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/CustomPaginationActionsTable.js", "bg": true}}

## Fixed header

An example of a table with scrollable rows and fixed column headers.
It leverages the `stickyHeader` prop (⚠️ no IE 11 support).

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/StickyHeadTable.js", "bg": true}}

## Collapsible table

An example of a table with expandable rows, revealing more information.
It utilizes the [`Collapse`](/api/collapse/) component.

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/CollapsibleTable.js", "bg": true}}

## Spanning Table

A simple example with spanning rows & columns.

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/SpanningTable.js", "bg": true}}

## Virtualized Table

In the following example, we demonstrate how to use [react-virtualized](https://github.com/bvaughn/react-virtualized) with the `Table` component.
It renders 200 rows and can easily handle more.
Virtualization helps with performance issues.

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/ReactVirtualizedTable.js", "bg": true}}

## Complementary projects

For more advanced use cases you might be able to take advantage of:

### material-table

![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/mbrn/material-table.svg?style=social&label=Stars)
![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/material-table.svg)

[material-table](https://github.com/mbrn/material-table) is a simple and powerful Datatable for React based on Material-UI Table with some additional features.
They support many different use cases (editable, filtering, grouping, sorting, selection, i18n, tree data and more). You should check it out.

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/MaterialTableDemo.js", "bg": true}}

### Other

- [dx-react-grid-material-ui](https://devexpress.github.io/devextreme-reactive/react/grid/): A data grid for Material-UI with paging, sorting, filtering, grouping and editing features ([paid license](https://js.devexpress.com/licensing/)).
- [mui-datatables](https://github.com/gregnb/mui-datatables): Responsive data tables for Material-UI with filtering, sorting, search and more.
- [tubular-react](https://github.com/unosquare/tubular-react): A Material-UI table with local or remote data-source. Featuring filtering, sorting, free-text search, export to CSV locally, and aggregations.

## Accessibility

(WAI tutorial: https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/tables/)

### Caption

A caption functions like a heading for a table. Most screen readers announce the content of captions. Captions help users to find a table and understand what it’s about and decide if they want to read it.

{{"demo": "pages/components/tables/AcccessibleTable.js", "bg": true}}
