docs/src/pages/components/autocomplete/autocomplete.md, before:

---
title: Autocomplete React component
components: TextField, Popper, Autocomplete
---

# Autocomplete

<p class="description">The autocomplete is a normal text input enhanced by a panel of suggested options.</p>

The widget is useful for setting the value of a single-line textbox in one of two types of scenarios:

1. The value for the textbox must be chosen from a predefined set of allowed values, e.g., a location field must contain a valid location name: [combo box](#combo-box).
2. The textbox may contain any arbitrary value, but it is advantageous to suggest possible values to the user, e.g., a search field may suggest similar or previous searches to save the user time: [free solo](#free-solo).

It's meant to be an improved version of the "react-select" and "downshift" packages.

## Combo box

The value must be chosen from a predefined set of allowed values.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/ComboBox.js"}}

### Playground

Each of the following examples demonstrate one feature of the Autocomplete component.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/Playground.js"}}

### Country select

Choose one of the 248 countries.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/CountrySelect.js"}}

### Controllable states

The component has two states that can be controlled:

1. the "value" state with the `value`/`onChange` props combination.
2. the "input value" state with the `inputValue`/`onInputChange` props combination.

> ⚠️ These two state are isolated, they should be controlled independently.

## Free solo

Set `freeSolo` to true so the textbox can contain any arbitrary value. The prop is designed to cover the primary use case of a search box with suggestions, e.g. Google search.

However, if you intend to use it for a [combo box](#combo-box) like experience (an enhanced version of a select element) we recommend setting `selectOnFocus` (it helps the user clear the selected value).

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/FreeSolo.js"}}

### Helper message

Sometimes you want to make explicit to the user that he/she can add whatever value he/she wants.
The following demo adds a last option: `Add "YOUR SEARCH"`.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/FreeSoloCreateOption.js"}}

You could also display a dialog when the user wants to add a new value.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/FreeSoloCreateOptionDialog.js"}}

## Grouped

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/Grouped.js"}}

## Disabled options

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/DisabledOptions.js"}}

## `useAutocomplete`

For advanced customization use cases, we expose a `useAutocomplete()` hook.
It accepts almost the same options as the Autocomplete component minus all the props
related to the rendering of JSX.
The Autocomplete component uses this hook internally.

```jsx
import useAutocomplete from '@material-ui/lab/useAutocomplete';
```

- 📦 [4.5 kB gzipped](/size-snapshot).

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/UseAutocomplete.js", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

### Customized hook

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/CustomizedHook.js"}}

Head to the [Customized Autocomplete](#customized-autocomplete) section for a customization example with the `Autocomplete` component instead of the hook.

## Asynchronous requests

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/Asynchronous.js"}}

### Google Maps place

A customized UI for Google Maps Places Autocomplete.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/GoogleMaps.js"}}

For this demo, we need to load the [Google Maps JavaScript](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/tutorial) API.

> ⚠️ Before you can start using the Google Maps JavaScript API, you must sign up and create a billing account.

## Multiple values

Also known as tags, the user is allowed to enter more than one value.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/Tags.js"}}

### Fixed options

In the event that you need to lock certain tag so that they can't be removed in the interface, you can set the chips disabled.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/FixedTags.js"}}

### Checkboxes

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/CheckboxesTags.js"}}

### Limit tags

You can use the `limitTags` prop to limit the number of displayed options when not focused.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/LimitTags.js"}}

## Sizes

Fancy smaller inputs? Use the `size` prop.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/Sizes.js"}}

## Customized Autocomplete

This demo reproduces the GitHub's label picker:

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/GitHubLabel.js"}}

Head to the [Customized hook](#customized-hook) section for a customization example with the `useAutocomplete` hook instead of the component.

## Highlights

The following demo relies on [autosuggest-highlight](https://github.com/moroshko/autosuggest-highlight), a small (1 kB) utility for highlighting text in autosuggest and autocomplete components.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/Highlights.js"}}

## Custom filter

The component exposes a factory to create a filter method that can provided to the `filterOptions` prop.
You can use it to change the default option filter behavior.

```js
import { createFilterOptions } from '@material-ui/lab/Autocomplete';
```

### `createFilterOptions(config) => filterOptions`

#### Arguments

1. `config` (*Object* [optional]):
  - `config.ignoreAccents` (*Boolean* [optional]): Defaults to `true`. Remove diacritics.
  - `config.ignoreCase` (*Boolean* [optional]): Defaults to `true`. Lowercase everything.
  - `config.limit` (*Number* [optional]): Default to null. Limit the number of suggested options to be shown. For example, if `config.limit` is `100`, only the first `100` matching options are shown. It can be useful if a lot of options match and virtualization wasn't set up.
  - `config.matchFrom` (*'any' | 'start'* [optional]): Defaults to `'any'`.
  - `config.startAfter`(*Number* [optional]): Default to `0`. Show the suggested options only after a certain number of letters
  - `config.stringify` (*Func* [optional]): Controls how an option is converted into a string so that it can be matched against the input text fragment.
  - `config.trim` (*Boolean* [optional]): Defaults to `false`. Remove trailing spaces.

#### Returns

`filterOptions`: the returned filter method can be provided directly to the `filterOptions` prop of the `Autocomplete` component, or the parameter of the same name for the hook.

In the following demo, the options need to start with the query prefix:

```js
const filterOptions = createFilterOptions({
  matchFrom: 'start',
  stringify: option => option.title,
});

<Autocomplete filterOptions={filterOptions} />
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/Filter.js", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

### Advanced

For richer filtering mechanisms, like fuzzy matching, it's recommended to look at [match-sorter](https://github.com/kentcdodds/match-sorter). For instance:

```jsx
import matchSorter from 'match-sorter';

const filterOptions = (options, { inputValue }) =>
  matchSorter(options, inputValue);

<Autocomplete filterOptions={filterOptions} />
```

## Virtualization

Search within 10,000 randomly generated options. The list is virtualized thanks to [react-window](https://github.com/bvaughn/react-window).

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/Virtualize.js"}}

## Limitations

### autocomplete/autofill

The browsers have heuristics to help the users fill the form inputs.
However, it can harm the UX of the component.

By default, the component disable the **autocomplete** feature (remembering what the user has typed for a given field in a previous session) with the `autoComplete="off"` attribute.

However, in addition to remembering past entered values, the browser might also propose **autofill** suggestions (saved login, address, or payment details).
In the event you want the avoid autofill, you can try the following:

- Name the input without leaking any information the browser can use. e.g. `id="field1"` instead of `id="country"`. If you leave the id empty, the component uses a random id.
- Set `autoComplete="new-password"`:
  ```jsx
  <TextField
    {...params}
    inputProps={{
      ...params.inputProps,
      autoComplete: 'new-password',
    }}
  />
  ```

### iOS VoiceOver

VoiceOver on iOS Safari doesn't support the `aria-owns` attribute very well.
You can work around the issue with the `disablePortal` prop.

### TypeScript

To fully take advantage of type inference, you need to set the `multiple` prop to `undefined`, `false` or `true`.
See [this discussion](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/pull/18854#discussion_r364215153) for more details.
TypeScript might solve this bug in the future.

### ListboxComponent

If you provide a custom `ListboxComponent` prop, you need to make sure that the intended scroll container has the `role` attribute set to `listbox`. This ensures the correct behavior of the scroll, for example when using the keyboard to navigate.

## Accessibility

(WAI-ARIA: https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#combobox)

We encourage the usage of a label for the textbox.
The component implements the WAI-ARIA authoring practices.

Commit message:

[Autocomplete] Improve search box & create options support (#20624)

docs/src/pages/components/autocomplete/autocomplete.md, after:

---
title: Autocomplete React component
components: TextField, Popper, Autocomplete
---

# Autocomplete

<p class="description">The autocomplete is a normal text input enhanced by a panel of suggested options.</p>

The widget is useful for setting the value of a single-line textbox in one of two types of scenarios:

1. The value for the textbox must be chosen from a predefined set of allowed values, e.g., a location field must contain a valid location name: [combo box](#combo-box).
2. The textbox may contain any arbitrary value, but it is advantageous to suggest possible values to the user, e.g., a search field may suggest similar or previous searches to save the user time: [free solo](#free-solo).

It's meant to be an improved version of the "react-select" and "downshift" packages.

## Combo box

The value must be chosen from a predefined set of allowed values.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/ComboBox.js"}}

### Playground

Each of the following examples demonstrate one feature of the Autocomplete component.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/Playground.js"}}

### Country select

Choose one of the 248 countries.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/CountrySelect.js"}}

### Controllable states

The component has two states that can be controlled:

1. the "value" state with the `value`/`onChange` props combination. This state represents the value selected by the user, for instance when pressing <kbd>Enter</kbd>.
2. the "input value" state with the `inputValue`/`onInputChange` props combination. This state represents the value displayed in the textbox.

> ⚠️ These two state are isolated, they should be controlled independently.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/ControllableStates.js"}}

## Free solo

Set `freeSolo` to true so the textbox can contain any arbitrary value. The prop is designed to cover the primary use case of a **search box** with suggestions, e.g. Google search or react-autowhatever.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/FreeSolo.js"}}

### Creatable

If you intend to use this mode for a [combo box](#combo-box) like experience (an enhanced version of a select element) we recommend setting:

- `selectOnFocus` to helps the user clear the selected value.
- `clearOnBlur` to helps the user to enter a new value.
- A last option, for instance `Add "YOUR SEARCH"`.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/FreeSoloCreateOption.js"}}

You could also display a dialog when the user wants to add a new value.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/FreeSoloCreateOptionDialog.js"}}

## Grouped

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/Grouped.js"}}

## Disabled options

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/DisabledOptions.js"}}

## `useAutocomplete`

For advanced customization use cases, we expose a `useAutocomplete()` hook.
It accepts almost the same options as the Autocomplete component minus all the props
related to the rendering of JSX.
The Autocomplete component uses this hook internally.

```jsx
import useAutocomplete from '@material-ui/lab/useAutocomplete';
```

- 📦 [4.5 kB gzipped](/size-snapshot).

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/UseAutocomplete.js", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

### Customized hook

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/CustomizedHook.js"}}

Head to the [Customized Autocomplete](#customized-autocomplete) section for a customization example with the `Autocomplete` component instead of the hook.

## Asynchronous requests

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/Asynchronous.js"}}

### Google Maps place

A customized UI for Google Maps Places Autocomplete.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/GoogleMaps.js"}}

For this demo, we need to load the [Google Maps JavaScript](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/tutorial) API.

> ⚠️ Before you can start using the Google Maps JavaScript API, you must sign up and create a billing account.

## Multiple values

Also known as tags, the user is allowed to enter more than one value.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/Tags.js"}}

### Fixed options

In the event that you need to lock certain tag so that they can't be removed in the interface, you can set the chips disabled.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/FixedTags.js"}}

### Checkboxes

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/CheckboxesTags.js"}}

### Limit tags

You can use the `limitTags` prop to limit the number of displayed options when not focused.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/LimitTags.js"}}

## Sizes

Fancy smaller inputs? Use the `size` prop.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/Sizes.js"}}

## Customized Autocomplete

This demo reproduces the GitHub's label picker:

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/GitHubLabel.js"}}

Head to the [Customized hook](#customized-hook) section for a customization example with the `useAutocomplete` hook instead of the component.

## Highlights

The following demo relies on [autosuggest-highlight](https://github.com/moroshko/autosuggest-highlight), a small (1 kB) utility for highlighting text in autosuggest and autocomplete components.

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/Highlights.js"}}

## Custom filter

The component exposes a factory to create a filter method that can provided to the `filterOptions` prop.
You can use it to change the default option filter behavior.

```js
import { createFilterOptions } from '@material-ui/lab/Autocomplete';
```

### `createFilterOptions(config) => filterOptions`

#### Arguments

1. `config` (*Object* [optional]):
  - `config.ignoreAccents` (*Boolean* [optional]): Defaults to `true`. Remove diacritics.
  - `config.ignoreCase` (*Boolean* [optional]): Defaults to `true`. Lowercase everything.
  - `config.limit` (*Number* [optional]): Default to null. Limit the number of suggested options to be shown. For example, if `config.limit` is `100`, only the first `100` matching options are shown. It can be useful if a lot of options match and virtualization wasn't set up.
  - `config.matchFrom` (*'any' | 'start'* [optional]): Defaults to `'any'`.
  - `config.startAfter`(*Number* [optional]): Default to `0`. Show the suggested options only after a certain number of letters
  - `config.stringify` (*Func* [optional]): Controls how an option is converted into a string so that it can be matched against the input text fragment.
  - `config.trim` (*Boolean* [optional]): Defaults to `false`. Remove trailing spaces.

#### Returns

`filterOptions`: the returned filter method can be provided directly to the `filterOptions` prop of the `Autocomplete` component, or the parameter of the same name for the hook.

In the following demo, the options need to start with the query prefix:

```js
const filterOptions = createFilterOptions({
  matchFrom: 'start',
  stringify: option => option.title,
});

<Autocomplete filterOptions={filterOptions} />
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/Filter.js", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

### Advanced

For richer filtering mechanisms, like fuzzy matching, it's recommended to look at [match-sorter](https://github.com/kentcdodds/match-sorter). For instance:

```jsx
import matchSorter from 'match-sorter';

const filterOptions = (options, { inputValue }) =>
  matchSorter(options, inputValue);

<Autocomplete filterOptions={filterOptions} />
```

## Virtualization

Search within 10,000 randomly generated options. The list is virtualized thanks to [react-window](https://github.com/bvaughn/react-window).

{{"demo": "pages/components/autocomplete/Virtualize.js"}}

## Limitations

### autocomplete/autofill

The browsers have heuristics to help the users fill the form inputs.
However, it can harm the UX of the component.

By default, the component disable the **autocomplete** feature (remembering what the user has typed for a given field in a previous session) with the `autoComplete="off"` attribute.

However, in addition to remembering past entered values, the browser might also propose **autofill** suggestions (saved login, address, or payment details).
In the event you want the avoid autofill, you can try the following:

- Name the input without leaking any information the browser can use. e.g. `id="field1"` instead of `id="country"`. If you leave the id empty, the component uses a random id.
- Set `autoComplete="new-password"`:
  ```jsx
  <TextField
    {...params}
    inputProps={{
      ...params.inputProps,
      autoComplete: 'new-password',
    }}
  />
  ```

### iOS VoiceOver

VoiceOver on iOS Safari doesn't support the `aria-owns` attribute very well.
You can work around the issue with the `disablePortal` prop.

### TypeScript

To fully take advantage of type inference, you need to set the `multiple` prop to `undefined`, `false` or `true`.
See [this discussion](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/pull/18854#discussion_r364215153) for more details.
TypeScript might solve this bug in the future.

### ListboxComponent

If you provide a custom `ListboxComponent` prop, you need to make sure that the intended scroll container has the `role` attribute set to `listbox`. This ensures the correct behavior of the scroll, for example when using the keyboard to navigate.

## Accessibility

(WAI-ARIA: https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#combobox)

We encourage the usage of a label for the textbox.
The component implements the WAI-ARIA authoring practices.
