docs/src/pages/utils/modal/modal.md, before:

---
title: Modal React component
components: Modal
---

# Modal

<p class="description">The modal component provides a solid foundation for creating dialogs, popovers, lightboxes, or whatever else.</p>

The component renders its `children` node in front of a backdrop component.

The `Modal` offers a few helpful features over using just a [`Portal`](/utils/portal/)
component and some styles:

- Manages modal stacking when one-at-a-time just isn't enough.
- Creates a backdrop, for disabling interaction below the modal.
- It properly manages focus; moving to the modal content,
  and keeping it there until the modal is closed.
- It disables scrolling of the page content while open.
- ♿️ Adds the appropriate ARIA roles automatically.

This component shares many concepts with [react-overlays](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/react-overlays/#modals).

## Simple modal

{{"demo": "pages/utils/modal/SimpleModal.js"}}

## Performance

The content of the modal is **lazily mounted** into the DOM.
It ensures that having many closed modal in your React tree won't slow down your page.

However, creating React elements has a cost too. Consider the following case:

```jsx
<Modal open={false}>
  <Table>
    <TableHead>
      <TableRow>
        <TableCell>Dessert (100g serving)</TableCell>
        <TableCell align="right">Calories</TableCell>
        <TableCell align="right">Fat (g)</TableCell>
      </TableRow>
    </TableHead>
    <TableBody>
      {rows.map(row => (
        <TableRow key={row.id}>
          <TableCell component="th" scope="row">
            {row.name}
          </TableCell>
          <TableCell align="right">{row.calories}</TableCell>
          <TableCell align="right">{row.fat}</TableCell>
        </TableRow>
      ))}
    </TableBody>
  </Table>
</Modal>
```

We create a lot of React elements that will never be mounted. It's wasteful 🐢.
You can **speed up** the rendering by moving the modal body into its own component.

```jsx
<Modal open={false}>
  <TableComponent />
</Modal>
```

This way, you take advantage of React render laziness evaluation.
The `TableComponent` render method will only be evaluated when opening the modal 🚀.

Commit message:

[Modal] Add cross references from Modal docs to other components (#14025)
* add cross references from Modal documentation to the Dialog component and other components based on Modal

* Update modal.md

* Update Modal.js

* Update modal.md

docs/src/pages/utils/modal/modal.md, after:

---
title: Modal React component
components: Modal
---

# Modal

<p class="description">The modal component provides a solid foundation for creating dialogs, popovers, lightboxes, or whatever else.</p>

The component renders its `children` node in front of a backdrop component.

The `Modal` offers a few helpful features over using just a [`Portal`](/utils/portal/)
component and some styles:

- Manages modal stacking when one-at-a-time just isn't enough.
- Creates a backdrop, for disabling interaction below the modal.
- It properly manages focus; moving to the modal content,
  and keeping it there until the modal is closed.
- It disables scrolling of the page content while open.
- ♿️ Adds the appropriate ARIA roles automatically.

This component shares many concepts with [react-overlays](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/react-overlays/#modals).

Modal is a lower-level construct that is leveraged by the following components:

- [Dialog](/demos/dialogs/)
- [Drawer](/demos/drawers/)
- [Menu](/demos/menus/)
- [Popover](/utils/popover/)

If you are creating a modal dialog, you probably want to use the [Dialog](/demos/dialogs/) component
rather than directly using Modal.

## Simple modal

{{"demo": "pages/utils/modal/SimpleModal.js"}}

## Performance

The content of the modal is **lazily mounted** into the DOM.
It ensures that having many closed modal in your React tree won't slow down your page.

However, creating React elements has a cost too. Consider the following case:

```jsx
<Modal open={false}>
  <Table>
    <TableHead>
      <TableRow>
        <TableCell>Dessert (100g serving)</TableCell>
        <TableCell align="right">Calories</TableCell>
        <TableCell align="right">Fat (g)</TableCell>
      </TableRow>
    </TableHead>
    <TableBody>
      {rows.map(row => (
        <TableRow key={row.id}>
          <TableCell component="th" scope="row">
            {row.name}
          </TableCell>
          <TableCell align="right">{row.calories}</TableCell>
          <TableCell align="right">{row.fat}</TableCell>
        </TableRow>
      ))}
    </TableBody>
  </Table>
</Modal>
```

We create a lot of React elements that will never be mounted. It's wasteful 🐢.
You can **speed up** the rendering by moving the modal body into its own component.

```jsx
<Modal open={false}>
  <TableComponent />
</Modal>
```

This way, you take advantage of React render laziness evaluation.
The `TableComponent` render method will only be evaluated when opening the modal 🚀.
