docs/src/pages/components/badges/badges.md, before:

---
title: Badge React component
components: Badge
---

# Badge

<p class="description">Badge generates a small badge to the top-right of its child(ren).</p>

## Basic badges

Examples of badges containing text, using primary and secondary colors. The badge is applied to its children.

{{"demo": "pages/components/badges/SimpleBadge.js"}}

## Customized badges

Here is an example of customizing the component. You can learn more about this in the [overrides documentation page](/customization/components/).

{{"demo": "pages/components/badges/CustomizedBadges.js"}}

## Badge visibility

The visibility of badges can be controlled using the `invisible` property.

{{"demo": "pages/components/badges/BadgeVisibility.js"}}

The badge auto hides with badgeContent is zero. You can override this with the `showZero` property.

{{"demo": "pages/components/badges/ShowZeroBadge.js"}}

## Maximum value

You can use the `max` property to cap the value of the badge content.

{{"demo": "pages/components/badges/BadgeMax.js"}}

## Dot badge

The `dot` property changes a badge into a small dot. This can be used as a notification that something has changed without giving a count.

{{"demo": "pages/components/badges/DotBadge.js"}}

## Badge overlap

You can use the `overlap` property to place the badge relative to the corner of the wrapped element.

{{"demo": "pages/components/badges/BadgeOverlap.js"}}

## Badge alignment

You can use the `anchorOrigin` prop to move the badge to any corner of the wrapped element.

{{"demo": "pages/components/badges/BadgeAlignment.js", "hideToolbar": true}}

Commit message:

[docs] Change property/properties to prop/props (#22271)

docs/src/pages/components/badges/badges.md, after:

---
title: Badge React component
components: Badge
---

# Badge

<p class="description">Badge generates a small badge to the top-right of its child(ren).</p>

## Basic badges

Examples of badges containing text, using primary and secondary colors. The badge is applied to its children.

{{"demo": "pages/components/badges/SimpleBadge.js"}}

## Customized badges

Here is an example of customizing the component. You can learn more about this in the [overrides documentation page](/customization/components/).

{{"demo": "pages/components/badges/CustomizedBadges.js"}}

## Badge visibility

The visibility of badges can be controlled using the `invisible` prop.

{{"demo": "pages/components/badges/BadgeVisibility.js"}}

The badge auto hides with badgeContent is zero. You can override this with the `showZero` prop.

{{"demo": "pages/components/badges/ShowZeroBadge.js"}}

## Maximum value

You can use the `max` prop to cap the value of the badge content.

{{"demo": "pages/components/badges/BadgeMax.js"}}

## Dot badge

The `dot` prop changes a badge into a small dot. This can be used as a notification that something has changed without giving a count.

{{"demo": "pages/components/badges/DotBadge.js"}}

## Badge overlap

You can use the `overlap` prop to place the badge relative to the corner of the wrapped element.

{{"demo": "pages/components/badges/BadgeOverlap.js"}}

## Badge alignment

You can use the `anchorOrigin` prop to move the badge to any corner of the wrapped element.

{{"demo": "pages/components/badges/BadgeAlignment.js", "hideToolbar": true}}
