docs/pages/demo/datepicker/index.mdx, before:

import Ad from '_shared/Ad';
import Example from '_shared/Example';
import PageMeta from '_shared/PageMeta';
import LinkedComponents from '_shared/LinkedComponents';
import { Hidden } from '@material-ui/core';

import * as CustomDay from './CustomDay.example';
import * as ServerRequest from './ServerRequest.example';
import * as ViewsDatePicker from './ViewsDatePicker.example';
import * as BasicDatePicker from './BasicDatePicker.example';
import * as StaticDatePicker from './StaticDatePicker.example';
import * as DatePickers from './DatePickers.example';
import * as CustomInput from './CustomInput.example';

<PageMeta component="DatePicker" />

## Date picker

[Date pickers](https://material.io/components/pickers/) let users select a date, or a range of dates. They should be suitable for the context in which they appear.

<Ad />

#### Basic usage

Will be rendered to modal dialog on mobile and textfield with popover on desktop.

<Example testId="datepicker-example" source={BasicDatePicker} />

#### Responsiveness

Date/Time pickers experience is extremely different on mobile and desktop. Here is how components will look on different devices.
The default `Datepicker` component is responsive, which means that `Mobile` or `Desktop` mode will be rendered according to device viewport.

<Example source={DatePickers} />

#### Different views

It is also allowed to combine `year`, `month` and `date` selection views.
Thus you can easily create

- Year picker
- Month picker
- Month + year picker

<Example source={ViewsDatePicker} />

#### Static mode

It is possible to render any picker without modal or popover. This can be really helpful to build custom popover/modal containers.
For that use `StaticDatePicker`.

<Hidden smDown>
  <Example paddingBottom source={StaticDatePicker} />
</Hidden>

#### Custom input component

You can customize rendering input by `renderInput` prop. But make sure you will spread `ref` and `inputProps` correctly to the custom input component.

<Example source={CustomInput} />

#### Customization

The displaying of dates is heavily cusomizable. Use `renderDay` function to customize view of the day.
You can leverage our internal [Day](/api/Day) component, and render it in default way by spreading `dayProps` argument.

<Example source={CustomDay} />

#### Dynamic data

Sometimes it's required to display additional info right in the calendar.
For this just return `Promise` in `onMonthChange`.

<Example source={ServerRequest} />

#### API

<LinkedComponents components={['DatePicker']} />

Commit message:

[Calendar] Remove promise based loading in favor of `loading` prop (#1829)
* Remove `onMonthChange` promise-based api in favor of `loading` prop

* Update server request example for new API

* Implement fake api for server request example

* Update tests

* Make CalendarSkeleton component and use it in the examples for loading state

docs/pages/demo/datepicker/index.mdx, after:

import Ad from '_shared/Ad';
import Example from '_shared/Example';
import PageMeta from '_shared/PageMeta';
import LinkedComponents from '_shared/LinkedComponents';
import { Hidden } from '@material-ui/core';

import * as CustomDay from './CustomDay.example';
import * as ServerRequest from './ServerRequest.example';
import * as ViewsDatePicker from './ViewsDatePicker.example';
import * as BasicDatePicker from './BasicDatePicker.example';
import * as StaticDatePicker from './StaticDatePicker.example';
import * as DatePickers from './DatePickers.example';
import * as CustomInput from './CustomInput.example';

<PageMeta component="DatePicker" />

## Date picker

[Date pickers](https://material.io/components/pickers/) let users select a date, or a range of dates. They should be suitable for the context in which they appear.

<Ad />

#### Basic usage

Will be rendered to modal dialog on mobile and textfield with popover on desktop.

<Example testId="datepicker-example" source={BasicDatePicker} />

#### Responsiveness

Date/Time pickers experience is extremely different on mobile and desktop. Here is how components will look on different devices.
The default `Datepicker` component is responsive, which means that `Mobile` or `Desktop` mode will be rendered according to device viewport.

<Example source={DatePickers} />

#### Different views

It is also allowed to combine `year`, `month` and `date` selection views.
Thus you can easily create

- Year picker
- Month picker
- Month + year picker

<Example source={ViewsDatePicker} />

#### Static mode

It is possible to render any picker without modal or popover. This can be really helpful to build custom popover/modal containers.
For that use `StaticDatePicker`.

<Hidden smDown>
  <Example paddingBottom source={StaticDatePicker} />
</Hidden>

#### Custom input component

You can customize rendering input by `renderInput` prop. But make sure you will spread `ref` and `inputProps` correctly to the custom input component.

<Example source={CustomInput} />

#### Customization

The displaying of dates is heavily cusomizable. Use `renderDay` function to customize view of the day.
You can leverage our internal [Day](/api/Day) component, and render it in default way by spreading `dayProps` argument.

<Example source={CustomDay} />

#### Dynamic data

Sometimes it's required to display additional info right in the calendar. Here is an example of prefetching
and displaying server side data using `onMonthChange`, `loading` and `renderDay` props.

<!-- In order to make this example functional, make sure you are running docs using `yarn now dev` from root -->
<Example source={ServerRequest} />

#### API

<LinkedComponents components={['DatePicker']} />
