docs/src/pages/style/typography/typography.md, before:

---
components: Typography
---

# Typography

<p class="description">Use typography to present your design and content as clearly and efficiently as possible.</p>

Too many type sizes and styles at once can spoil any layout.
A [typographic scale](https://material.io/design/typography/#type-scale) has a limited set of type sizes that work well together along with the layout grid.

## General

The *Roboto* font will **not** be automatically loaded by Material-UI.
The developer is responsible for loading all fonts used in their application.
Roboto Font has a few easy ways to get started.

## Roboto Font CDN

Shown below is a sample link markup used to load the Roboto font from a CDN.
```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto:300,400,500">
```

## Install with npm

You can [install it](https://www.npmjs.com/package/typeface-roboto) by typing the below command in your terminal:

`npm install typeface-roboto --save`

Then, you can import it in your entry-point.

```js
import 'typeface-roboto';
```
For more info check out the [typeface](https://github.com/KyleAMathews/typefaces/tree/master/packages/roboto) project.

⚠️ Be careful when using this approach.
Make sure your bundler doesn't eager load all the font variations (100/300/400/500/700/900, italic/regular, SVG/woff).
Inlining all the font files can significantly increase the size of your bundle.
Material-UI default typography configuration only relies on 300, 400 and 500 font weights.

## Component

{{"demo": "pages/style/typography/Types.js"}}

## Theme

In some situations you might not be able to use the `Typography` component.
Hopefully, you might be able to take advantage of the [`typography`](/customization/default-theme/?expend-path=$.typography) keys of the theme.

{{"demo": "pages/style/typography/TypographyTheme.js"}}

## Changing the semantic element

The Typography component uses the `variantMapping` property to associate a UI variant with a semantic element.
It’s important to realize that the style of a typography is independent from the semantic underlying element.

- You can change the underlying element for a one time occassion with the `component` property:

```jsx
{/* We already have an h1 in the page, let's not duplicate it. */}
<Typography variant="h1" component="h2">
  h1. Heading
</Typography>
```

- You can change the mapping [globally using the theme](/customization/themes/#properties):

```js
const theme = createMuiTheme({
  props: {
    MuiTypography: {
      variantMapping: {
        h1: 'h2',
        h2: 'h2',
        h3: 'h2',
        h4: 'h2',
        h5: 'h2',
        h6: 'h2',
        subtitle1: 'h2',
        subtitle2: 'h2',
        body1: 'span',
        body2: 'span',
      },
    },
  },
})
```

Commit message:

[Typography] Add a custom, self-hosted font demo (#14928)
* Add Typography typescript demo.

Add a custom, self-hosted font typography demo.

* Formatting changes required by the contributing guidelines.

* Revert Markdown formatting changes introduced by docs:typescript:formatted.

Remove unnecesary imports from self-hosted font demo.

* Remove font family demos from style/typography docs.

Update font family theme customization docs to include information on using fonts via overrides.

* Grammatical changes to docs

* Remove binary font files now that the self hosted font demo has been deleted.

* split into a different demo

* Remove redundant header naming

docs/src/pages/style/typography/typography.md, after:

---
components: Typography
---

# Typography

<p class="description">Use typography to present your design and content as clearly and efficiently as possible.</p>

Too many type sizes and styles at once can spoil any layout.
A [typographic scale](https://material.io/design/typography/#type-scale) has a limited set of type sizes that work well together along with the layout grid.

## General

The *Roboto* font will **not** be automatically loaded by Material-UI.
The developer is responsible for loading all fonts used in their application.
Roboto Font has a few easy ways to get started. For more advanced configuration, check out
[the theme customization section](/customization/themes/#typography).

## Roboto Font CDN

Shown below is a sample link markup used to load the Roboto font from a CDN.

*HTML*
```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto:300,400,500">
```

*JSX*
```jsx
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto:300,400,500" />
```

## Install with npm

You can [install it](https://www.npmjs.com/package/typeface-roboto) by typing the below command in your terminal:

`npm install typeface-roboto --save`

Then, you can import it in your entry-point.

```js
import 'typeface-roboto';
```

For more info check out the [typeface](https://github.com/KyleAMathews/typefaces/tree/master/packages/roboto) project.

⚠️ Be careful when using this approach.
Make sure your bundler doesn't eager load all the font variations (100/300/400/500/700/900, italic/regular, SVG/woff).
Inlining all the font files can significantly increase the size of your bundle.
Material-UI default typography configuration only relies on 300, 400 and 500 font weights.

## Component

{{"demo": "pages/style/typography/Types.js"}}

## Theme

In some situations you might not be able to use the `Typography` component.
Hopefully, you might be able to take advantage of the [`typography`](/customization/default-theme/?expend-path=$.typography) keys of the theme.

{{"demo": "pages/style/typography/TypographyTheme.js"}}

## Changing the semantic element

The Typography component uses the `variantMapping` property to associate a UI variant with a semantic element.
It’s important to realize that the style of a typography is independent from the semantic underlying element.

- You can change the underlying element for a one time occassion with the `component` property:

```jsx
{/* We already have an h1 in the page, let's not duplicate it. */}
<Typography variant="h1" component="h2">
  h1. Heading
</Typography>
```

- You can change the mapping [globally using the theme](/customization/themes/#properties):

```js
const theme = createMuiTheme({
  props: {
    MuiTypography: {
      variantMapping: {
        h1: 'h2',
        h2: 'h2',
        h3: 'h2',
        h4: 'h2',
        h5: 'h2',
        h6: 'h2',
        subtitle1: 'h2',
        subtitle2: 'h2',
        body1: 'span',
        body2: 'span',
      },
    },
  },
});
```
