docs/src/pages/demos/expansion-panels/expansion-panels.md, before:

---
title: Expansion Panel React component
components: ExpansionPanel, ExpansionPanelActions, ExpansionPanelDetails, ExpansionPanelSummary
---

# Expansion Panels

<p class="description">Expansion panels contain creation flows and allow lightweight editing of an element.</p>

[An expansion panel](https://material.io/archive/guidelines/components/expansion-panels.html) is a lightweight container that may either stand alone or be connected to a larger surface, such as a card.

> **Note:** Expansion panels are no longer documented in the Material Design documentation.

## Simple Expansion Panel

{{"demo": "pages/demos/expansion-panels/SimpleExpansionPanel.js"}}

## Controlled Accordion

Extend the default panel behavior to create an accordion with the `ExpansionPanel` component.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/expansion-panels/ControlledExpansionPanels.js"}}

## Secondary heading and Columns

Multiple columns can be used to structure the content, and a helper text may be added to the panel to assist the user.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/expansion-panels/DetailedExpansionPanel.js"}}

## Customized Expansion Panel

If you have been reading the [overrides documentation page](/customization/overrides/)
but you are not confident jumping in,
here is one example of how you can customize the background color of the `ExpansionPanelSummary` and padding of `ExpansionPanelDetails`.

⚠️ While the material design specification encourages theming, these examples are off the beaten path.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/expansion-panels/CustomizedExpansionPanel.js"}}

Commit message:

[ExpansionPanel] Improve a11y (#14682)
* [ExpansionPanel] Reduce constructor logic

* [ExpansionPanel] Assume first child as summary

Summary appears in the DOM first anyway. It's probably
better to advice people to reflect that hierarchy in their
component tree.

* [ExpansionPanel] Follow wai-aria practices

* [test] use assert.throws over try catch

* [ExpansionPanel] Skip no child test

Errors are not caught in the browser. Only when running
in jsdom. No Explanation for that.

* [test] ignore branch in coverage that's covered by skipped test

* [docs] Improve demo buttons a11y

* [docs] Add aria label to search input

* Revert "[docs] Add aria label to search input"

This reverts commit 97096a89f4b5cdc1b09cee3bcfc8f99dceb70191.
algolia bug

* [docs] Apply recommended ExpansionPanel a11y attributes

* [docs] Add section about a11y attributes of ExpansionPanel

* [docs] Fix duplicate ids

docs/src/pages/demos/expansion-panels/expansion-panels.md, after:

---
title: Expansion Panel React component
components: ExpansionPanel, ExpansionPanelActions, ExpansionPanelDetails, ExpansionPanelSummary
---

# Expansion Panels

<p class="description">Expansion panels contain creation flows and allow lightweight editing of an element.</p>

[An expansion panel](https://material.io/archive/guidelines/components/expansion-panels.html) is a lightweight container that may either stand alone or be connected to a larger surface, such as a card.

> **Note:** Expansion panels are no longer documented in the Material Design documentation.

## Accessibility

For optimal accessibility we recommend setting `id` and `aria-controls` on the
`ExpansionPanelSummary`. The `ExpansionPanel` will derive the necessary `aria-labelledby`
and `id` for the content region of the panel.

## Simple Expansion Panel

{{"demo": "pages/demos/expansion-panels/SimpleExpansionPanel.js"}}

## Controlled Accordion

Extend the default panel behavior to create an accordion with the `ExpansionPanel` component.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/expansion-panels/ControlledExpansionPanels.js"}}

## Secondary heading and Columns

Multiple columns can be used to structure the content, and a helper text may be added to the panel to assist the user.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/expansion-panels/DetailedExpansionPanel.js"}}

## Customized Expansion Panel

If you have been reading the [overrides documentation page](/customization/overrides/)
but you are not confident jumping in,
here is one example of how you can customize the background color of the `ExpansionPanelSummary` and padding of `ExpansionPanelDetails`.

⚠️ While the material design specification encourages theming, these examples are off the beaten path.

{{"demo": "pages/demos/expansion-panels/CustomizedExpansionPanel.js"}}
