docs/src/pages/getting-started/supported-platforms/supported-platforms.md, before:

# Supported Platforms

<p class="description">Learn about the platforms, from modern to old, that are supported by Material-UI.</p>

## Browser

Material-UI supports the latest, stable releases of all major browsers and platforms.
We also support Internet Explorer 11.
You don't need to provide any JavaScript polyfill as we manage unsupported browser features internally and in isolation.

| IE    | Edge   | Firefox | Chrome | Safari | Googlebot |
|:------|:-------|:--------|:-------|:-------|:----------|
| 11    | >= 14  | >= 52   | >= 49  | >= 10  | ✅        |

Because Googlebot uses a web rendering service (WRS) to index the page content, it's critical that Material-UI supports it.
[WRS is based on Chrome 41](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/guides/rendering).
You can expect Material-UI's components to render without major issues.

## Server

Because Material-UI supports server-side rendering, we need to support the latest, stable releases of [Node.js](https://github.com/nodejs/node).
We try to support the [last active LTS version](https://github.com/nodejs/Release#lts-schedule1). Right now, we support **node v6.x** and newer versions.

### CSS prefixing

Be aware that some CSS features [require](https://github.com/cssinjs/jss/issues/279) an additional postprocessing step
that adds vendor specific prefixes.
These prefixes are automatically added on the client thanks to [`jss-plugin-vendor-prefixer`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jss-plugin-vendor-prefixer). 

The CSS served on this documentation is processed with [`autoprefixer`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/autoprefixer).
You can use [the documentation implementation](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/47aa5aeaec1d4ac2c08fd0e84277d6b91e497557/pages/_document.js#L123) as inspiration.
Be aware that it has an implication with the performance of the page.
It's a must do for static pages, but it needs to be put in balance with not doing anything when rendering dynamic pages.

Commit message:

[core] Drop node 6 support (#14379)
* [core] Drop node 6 support

* [docs] Reword supported node version

* Update docs/src/pages/getting-started/supported-platforms/supported-platforms.md

Co-Authored-By: eps1lon <silbermann.sebastian@gmail.com>

docs/src/pages/getting-started/supported-platforms/supported-platforms.md, after:

# Supported Platforms

<p class="description">Learn about the platforms, from modern to old, that are supported by Material-UI.</p>

## Browser

Material-UI supports the latest, stable releases of all major browsers and platforms.
We also support Internet Explorer 11.
You don't need to provide any JavaScript polyfill as we manage unsupported browser features internally and in isolation.

| IE    | Edge   | Firefox | Chrome | Safari | Googlebot |
|:------|:-------|:--------|:-------|:-------|:----------|
| 11    | >= 14  | >= 52   | >= 49  | >= 10  | ✅        |

Because Googlebot uses a web rendering service (WRS) to index the page content, it's critical that Material-UI supports it.
[WRS is based on Chrome 41](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/guides/rendering).
You can expect Material-UI's components to render without major issues.

## Server

Because Material-UI supports server-side rendering, we need to support the latest, stable releases of [Node.js](https://github.com/nodejs/node).
We also try to support the [LTS versions that are in maintenance](https://github.com/nodejs/Release#lts-schedule1). Right now, we support **node v8.x** and newer versions.

### CSS prefixing

Be aware that some CSS features [require](https://github.com/cssinjs/jss/issues/279) an additional postprocessing step
that adds vendor specific prefixes.
These prefixes are automatically added on the client thanks to [`jss-plugin-vendor-prefixer`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jss-plugin-vendor-prefixer). 

The CSS served on this documentation is processed with [`autoprefixer`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/autoprefixer).
You can use [the documentation implementation](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/47aa5aeaec1d4ac2c08fd0e84277d6b91e497557/pages/_document.js#L123) as inspiration.
Be aware that it has an implication with the performance of the page.
It's a must do for static pages, but it needs to be put in balance with not doing anything when rendering dynamic pages.
