docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v3/migration-v3.md, before:

# Migration From v3 to v4

<p class="description">Yeah, v4 alpha has been released!</p>

Looking for the v3 docs? [Find them here](https://material-ui.com/versions/).

> This document is a work in progress.
Have you upgraded your site and run into something that's not covered here?
[Add your changes on GitHub](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v3/migration-v3.md)

## Introduction

This is a reference for upgrading your site from Material-UI v3 to v4.
While there's a lot covered here, you probably won't need to do everything for your site.
We'll do our best to keep things easy to follow, and as sequential as possible so you can quickly get rocking on v4!

## Why you should migrate

This documentation page covers the *how* of migrating from v3 to v4.
The *why* is covered in the release blog post: [*Work in progress, on Medium*](https://medium.com/material-ui).

## Updating Your Dependencies

The very first thing you will need to do is update your dependencies.

### Update Material-UI version

You need to update your `package.json` to use the latest version of Material-UI.

```json
"dependencies": {
  "@material-ui/core": "^4.0.0-alpha.0"
}
```

Or run

```sh
npm install @material-ui/core@next

or

yarn add @material-ui/core@next
```

### Update React version

The minimum required version of React was increased from `react@^16.3.0` to `react@^16.8.0`.
This allows us to rely on [Hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html).

## Handling Breaking Changes

### Core

- Every component forward their ref.
  This is implemented by using `React.forwardRef()`.
  This affects the internal component tree and display name and therefore might break shallow or snapshot tests.
  `innerRef` will no longer return a ref to the instance (or nothing if the inner component is a function component) but a ref to its root component.
  The corresponding API docs list the root component.

### Styles

- Remove the first option argument of `withTheme()`.
  The first argument was a placeholder for a potential future option.
  We have never found a need for it.
  It's time to remove this argument.
  It matches the emotion and styled-components API.

  ```diff
  -const DeepChild = withTheme()(DeepChildRaw);
  +const DeepChild = withTheme(DeepChildRaw);
  ```
- Isolation of the styling solution of the core components in a dedicated package.
  Remove the `MuiThemeProvider` component:

  ```diff
  -import { MuiThemeProvider } from '@material-ui/core/styles';
  +import { ThemeProvider } from '@material-ui/styles';
  ```

### Theme

- The `theme.palette.augmentColor()` method no longer performs a side effect on its input color.
  To use it correctly, you have to use the returned value.

  ```diff
  -const background = { main: color };
  -theme.palette.augmentColor(background);
  +const background = theme.palette.augmentColor({ main: color });

  console.log({ background });
  ```

### Typography

- You can safely remove the next variant from the theme creation:

  ```js
  typography: {
    useNextVariants: true,
  },
  ```
- Remove the deprecated typography variants. You can upgrade by performing the following replacements:
  - display4 => h1
  - display3 => h2
  - display2 => h3
  - display1 => h4
  - headline => h5
  - title => h6
  - subheading => subtitle1
  - body2 => body1
  - body1 (default) => body2 (default)
- Remove the opinionated `display: block` default typograpghy style.
  You can use the new `display?: 'initial' | 'inline' | 'block';` property.
- Rename the `headlineMapping` property to `variantMapping` to better align with its purpose.

  ```diff
  -<MuiTypography headlineMapping={headlineMapping}>
  +<MuiTypography variantMapping={variantMapping}>
  ```

### Button

- Remove the deprecated button variants (flat, raised and fab):

  ```diff
  -<Button variant="raised" />
  +<Button variant="contained" />
  ```

  ```diff
  -<Button variant="flat" />
  +<Button variant="text" />
  ```

  ```diff
  -import Button from '@material-ui/core/Button';
  -<Button variant="fab" />
  +import Fab from '@material-ui/core/Fab';
  +<Fab />
  ```

### TextField

- You should be able to override all the styles of the FormLabel component using the CSS API of the InputLabel component.
  The `FormLabelClasses` property has been removed.

  ```diff
  <InputLabel
  - FormLabelClasses={{ asterisk: 'bar' } }
  + classes={{ asterisk: 'bar' } }
  >
    Foo
  </InputLabel>
  ```

### Grid

- In order to support arbitrary spacing values and to remove the need to mentally county by 8, we are changing the spacing API:

  ```diff
    /**
     * Defines the space between the type `item` component.
     * It can only be used on a type `container` component.
     */
  -  spacing: PropTypes.oneOf([0, 8, 16, 24, 32, 40]),
  +  spacing: PropTypes.oneOf([0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]),
  ```

  Going forward, you can use the theme to implement [a custom Grid spacing transformation function](https://material-ui.com/system/spacing/#transformation).

### Table

- Remove the deprecated `numeric` property.

  ```diff
  -<TableCell numeric>{row.calories}</TableCell>
  +<TableCell align="right">{row.calories}</TableCell>
  ```
- Remove the fixed height CSS property on the `TableRow`.
  The cell height is computed by the browser using the padding and line-height.
- Move the `dense` mode to a different property:

  ```diff
  -<TableCell padding="dense" />
  +<TableCell size="small" />
  ```

- The `TablePagination` component no longer tries to fix invalid (`page`, `count`, `rowsPerPage`) property combinations. It raises a warning instead.

### Tabs

- Remove the `labelContainer`, `label` and `labelWrapped` class keys for simplicity.
This has allowed us to removed 2 intermediary DOM elements.
You should be able to move the custom styles to the root class key.

  ![capture d ecran 2019-02-23 a 15 46 48](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3165635/53287870-53a35500-3782-11e9-9431-2d1a14a41be0.png)

### Menu

- Remove the fixed height of the MenuItem.
  The padding and line-height are used by the browser to compute the height.

### Node

- [Drop official node 6 support](https://github.com/nodejs/Release/blob/eb91c94681ea968a69bf4a4fe85c656ed44263b3/README.md#release-schedule), you should upgrade to node 8.

### UMD

- This change eases the use of Material-UI with a CDN:

  ```diff
  const {
    Button,
    TextField,
  -} = window['material-ui'];
  +} = MaterialUI;
  ```

  It's consistent with the other React projects:

  - material-ui => MaterialUI
  - react-dom => ReactDOM
  - prop-types => PropTypes

Commit message:

[docs] Add missing breaking changes from #14795 (#14824)
* [docs] Add missing breaking changes from #14795

* fals€ -> false

* remove pull request

* Update docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v3/migration-v3.md

Co-Authored-By: eps1lon <silbermann.sebastian@gmail.com>

* Update docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v3/migration-v3.md

Co-Authored-By: eps1lon <silbermann.sebastian@gmail.com>

docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v3/migration-v3.md, after:

# Migration From v3 to v4

<p class="description">Yeah, v4 alpha has been released!</p>

Looking for the v3 docs? [Find them here](https://material-ui.com/versions/).

> This document is a work in progress.
Have you upgraded your site and run into something that's not covered here?
[Add your changes on GitHub](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/next/docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v3/migration-v3.md)

## Introduction

This is a reference for upgrading your site from Material-UI v3 to v4.
While there's a lot covered here, you probably won't need to do everything for your site.
We'll do our best to keep things easy to follow, and as sequential as possible so you can quickly get rocking on v4!

## Why you should migrate

This documentation page covers the *how* of migrating from v3 to v4.
The *why* is covered in the release blog post: [*Work in progress, on Medium*](https://medium.com/material-ui).

## Updating Your Dependencies

The very first thing you will need to do is update your dependencies.

### Update Material-UI version

You need to update your `package.json` to use the latest version of Material-UI.

```json
"dependencies": {
  "@material-ui/core": "^4.0.0-alpha.0"
}
```

Or run

```sh
npm install @material-ui/core@next

or

yarn add @material-ui/core@next
```

### Update React version

The minimum required version of React was increased from `react@^16.3.0` to `react@^16.8.0`.
This allows us to rely on [Hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html).

## Handling Breaking Changes

### Core

- Every component forward their ref.
  This is implemented by using `React.forwardRef()`.
  This affects the internal component tree and display name and therefore might break shallow or snapshot tests.
  `innerRef` will no longer return a ref to the instance (or nothing if the inner component is a function component) but a ref to its root component.
  The corresponding API docs list the root component.

### Styles

- Isolation of the styling solution of the core components in a dedicated package.
  Remove the `MuiThemeProvider` component:

  ```diff
  -import { MuiThemeProvider } from '@material-ui/core/styles';
  +import { ThemeProvider } from '@material-ui/styles';
  ```
- Remove the first option argument of `withTheme()`.
  The first argument was a placeholder for a potential future option.
  We have never found a need for it.
  It's time to remove this argument.
  It matches the emotion and styled-components API.

  ```diff
  -const DeepChild = withTheme()(DeepChildRaw);
  +const DeepChild = withTheme(DeepChildRaw);
  ```

### Theme

- The `theme.palette.augmentColor()` method no longer performs a side effect on its input color.
  To use it correctly, you have to use the returned value.

  ```diff
  -const background = { main: color };
  -theme.palette.augmentColor(background);
  +const background = theme.palette.augmentColor({ main: color });

  console.log({ background });
  ```
- You can safely remove the next variant from the theme creation:

  ```js
  typography: {
    useNextVariants: true,
  },
  ```

### Typography

- [Typography] Remove the deprecated typography variants. You can upgrade by performing the following replacements:
  - display4 => h1
  - display3 => h2
  - display2 => h3
  - display1 => h4
  - headline => h5
  - title => h6
  - subheading => subtitle1
  - body2 => body1
  - body1 (default) => body2 (default)
- [Typography] Remove the opinionated `display: block` default typography style.
  You can use the new `display?: 'initial' | 'inline' | 'block';` property.
- [Typography] Rename the `headlineMapping` property to `variantMapping` to better align with its purpose.

  ```diff
  -<Typography headlineMapping={headlineMapping}>
  +<Typography variantMapping={variantMapping}>
  ```

### Button

- [Button] Remove the deprecated button variants (flat, raised and fab):

  ```diff
  -<Button variant="raised" />
  +<Button variant="contained" />
  ```

  ```diff
  -<Button variant="flat" />
  +<Button variant="text" />
  ```

  ```diff
  -import Button from '@material-ui/core/Button';
  -<Button variant="fab" />
  +import Fab from '@material-ui/core/Fab';
  +<Fab />
  ```

### TextField

- [InputLabel] You should be able to override all the styles of the FormLabel component using the CSS API of the InputLabel component.
  The `FormLabelClasses` property has been removed.

  ```diff
  <InputLabel
  - FormLabelClasses={{ asterisk: 'bar' } }
  + classes={{ asterisk: 'bar' } }
  >
    Foo
  </InputLabel>
  ```

### Layout

- [Grid] In order to support arbitrary spacing values and to remove the need to mentally county by 8, we are changing the spacing API:

  ```diff
    /**
     * Defines the space between the type `item` component.
     * It can only be used on a type `container` component.
     */
  -  spacing: PropTypes.oneOf([0, 8, 16, 24, 32, 40]),
  +  spacing: PropTypes.oneOf([0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]),
  ```

  Going forward, you can use the theme to implement [a custom Grid spacing transformation function](https://material-ui.com/system/spacing/#transformation).

### Table

- [TableCell] Remove the deprecated `numeric` property.

  ```diff
  -<TableCell numeric>{row.calories}</TableCell>
  +<TableCell align="right">{row.calories}</TableCell>
  ```
- [TableRow] Remove the fixed height CSS property.
  The cell height is computed by the browser using the padding and line-height.
- [TableCell] Move the `dense` mode to a different property:

  ```diff
  -<TableCell padding="dense" />
  +<TableCell size="small" />
  ```
- [TablePagination] The component no longer tries to fix invalid (`page`, `count`, `rowsPerPage`) property combinations. It raises a warning instead.

### Tabs

- [Tab] Remove the `labelContainer`, `label` and `labelWrapped` class keys for simplicity.
This has allowed us to removed 2 intermediary DOM elements.
You should be able to move the custom styles to the root class key.

  ![capture d ecran 2019-02-23 a 15 46 48](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3165635/53287870-53a35500-3782-11e9-9431-2d1a14a41be0.png)

### Menu

- [MenuItem] Remove the fixed height of the MenuItem.
  The padding and line-height are used by the browser to compute the height.

### Dialog

- [DialogActions] `action` CSS class is applied to root element instead of children if `disableActionSpacing={false}`.
- [DialogContentText] Use typography variant `body1` instead of `subtitle1`.

### Node

- [Drop official node 6 support](https://github.com/nodejs/Release/blob/eb91c94681ea968a69bf4a4fe85c656ed44263b3/README.md#release-schedule), you should upgrade to node 8.

### UMD

- This change eases the use of Material-UI with a CDN:

  ```diff
  const {
    Button,
    TextField,
  -} = window['material-ui'];
  +} = MaterialUI;
  ```

  It's consistent with the other React projects:

  - material-ui => MaterialUI
  - react-dom => ReactDOM
  - prop-types => PropTypes
