docs/src/pages/components/switches/switches.md, before:

---
title: Switch React component
components: Switch, FormControl, FormGroup, FormLabel, FormControlLabel
---

# Switch

<p class="description">Switches toggle the state of a single setting on or off.</p>

[Switches](https://material.io/design/components/selection-controls.html#switches) are the preferred way to adjust settings on mobile.
The option that the switch controls, as well as the state it’s in,
should be made clear from the corresponding inline label.

## Basic switches

{{"demo": "pages/components/switches/Switches.js"}}

## Switch with FormControlLabel

`Switch` can be provided with a description thanks to the `FormControlLabel` component.

{{"demo": "pages/components/switches/SwitchLabels.js"}}

## Switches with FormGroup

`FormGroup` is a helpful wrapper used to group selection controls components that provides an easier API.
However, you are encouraged you to use [Checkboxes](/components/checkboxes/) instead if multiple related controls are required. (See: [When to use](#when-to-use)).

{{"demo": "pages/components/switches/SwitchesGroup.js"}}

## Customized switches

Here are some examples of customizing the component. You can learn more about this in the
[overrides documentation page](/customization/components/).

{{"demo": "pages/components/switches/CustomizedSwitches.js"}}

🎨 If you are looking for inspiration, you can check [MUI Treasury's customization examples](https://mui-treasury.com/styles/switch).

## Sizes

Fancy smaller switches? Use the `size` prop.

{{"demo": "pages/components/switches/SwitchesSize.js"}}

## Label placement

You can change the placement of the label:

{{"demo": "pages/components/switches/FormControlLabelPosition.js"}}

## When to use

- [Checkboxes vs. Switches](https://uxplanet.org/checkbox-vs-toggle-switch-7fc6e83f10b8)

## Accessibility

- It will render an element with the `checkbox` role not `switch` role since this
  role isn't widely supported yet. Please test first if assistive technology of your
  target audience supports this role properly. Then you can change the role with
  `<Switch inputProps={{ role: 'switch' }}>`
- All form controls should have labels, and this includes radio buttons, checkboxes, and switches. In most cases, this is done by using the `<label>` element ([FormControlLabel](/api/form-control-label/)).
- When a label can't be used, it's necessary to add an attribute directly to the input component.
  In this case, you can apply the additional attribute (e.g. `aria-label`, `aria-labelledby`, `title`) via the `inputProps` prop.

```jsx
<Switch value="checkedA" inputProps={{ 'aria-label': 'Switch A' }} />
```

Commit message:

[docs] Add links in the header (#22210)

docs/src/pages/components/switches/switches.md, after:

---
title: Switch React component
components: Switch, FormControl, FormGroup, FormLabel, FormControlLabel
githubLabel: component: Switch
materialDesign: https://material.io/components/selection-controls#switches
---

# Switch

<p class="description">Switches toggle the state of a single setting on or off.</p>

Switches are the preferred way to adjust settings on mobile.
The option that the switch controls, as well as the state it’s in,
should be made clear from the corresponding inline label.

{{"component": "modules/components/ComponentLinkHeader.js"}}

## Basic switches

{{"demo": "pages/components/switches/Switches.js"}}

## Switch with FormControlLabel

`Switch` can be provided with a description thanks to the `FormControlLabel` component.

{{"demo": "pages/components/switches/SwitchLabels.js"}}

## Switches with FormGroup

`FormGroup` is a helpful wrapper used to group selection controls components that provides an easier API.
However, you are encouraged you to use [Checkboxes](/components/checkboxes/) instead if multiple related controls are required. (See: [When to use](#when-to-use)).

{{"demo": "pages/components/switches/SwitchesGroup.js"}}

## Customized switches

Here are some examples of customizing the component. You can learn more about this in the
[overrides documentation page](/customization/components/).

{{"demo": "pages/components/switches/CustomizedSwitches.js"}}

🎨 If you are looking for inspiration, you can check [MUI Treasury's customization examples](https://mui-treasury.com/styles/switch).

## Sizes

Fancy smaller switches? Use the `size` prop.

{{"demo": "pages/components/switches/SwitchesSize.js"}}

## Label placement

You can change the placement of the label:

{{"demo": "pages/components/switches/FormControlLabelPosition.js"}}

## When to use

- [Checkboxes vs. Switches](https://uxplanet.org/checkbox-vs-toggle-switch-7fc6e83f10b8)

## Accessibility

- It will render an element with the `checkbox` role not `switch` role since this
  role isn't widely supported yet. Please test first if assistive technology of your
  target audience supports this role properly. Then you can change the role with
  `<Switch inputProps={{ role: 'switch' }}>`
- All form controls should have labels, and this includes radio buttons, checkboxes, and switches. In most cases, this is done by using the `<label>` element ([FormControlLabel](/api/form-control-label/)).
- When a label can't be used, it's necessary to add an attribute directly to the input component.
  In this case, you can apply the additional attribute (e.g. `aria-label`, `aria-labelledby`, `title`) via the `inputProps` prop.

```jsx
<Switch value="checkedA" inputProps={{ 'aria-label': 'Switch A' }} />
```
