docs/pages/api/checkbox.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Checkbox/Checkbox.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Checkbox API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Checkbox React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import Checkbox from '@material-ui/core/Checkbox';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">checked</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the component is checked. |
| <span class="prop-name">checkedIcon</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> | <span class="prop-default">&lt;CheckBoxIcon /></span> | The icon to display when the component is checked. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">color</span> | <span class="prop-type">'primary'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'secondary'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'default'</span> | <span class="prop-default">'secondary'</span> | The color of the component. It supports those theme colors that make sense for this component. |
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the switch will be disabled. |
| <span class="prop-name">disableRipple</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the ripple effect will be disabled. |
| <span class="prop-name">icon</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> | <span class="prop-default">&lt;CheckBoxOutlineBlankIcon /></span> | The icon to display when the component is unchecked. |
| <span class="prop-name">id</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> |  | The id of the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">indeterminate</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the component appears indeterminate. This does not set the native input element to indeterminate due to inconsistent behavior across browsers. However, we set a `data-indeterminate` attribute on the input. |
| <span class="prop-name">indeterminateIcon</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> | <span class="prop-default">&lt;IndeterminateCheckBoxIcon /></span> | The icon to display when the component is indeterminate. |
| <span class="prop-name">inputProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | [Attributes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#Attributes) applied to the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">inputRef</span> | <span class="prop-type">func<br>&#124;&nbsp;object</span> |  | This prop can be used to pass a ref callback to the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">onChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the state is changed.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object, checked: boolean) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback. You can pull out the new value by accessing `event.target.checked`.<br>*checked:* The `checked` value of the switch |
| <span class="prop-name">required</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the `input` element will be required. |
| <span class="prop-name">type</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> |  | The input component prop `type`. |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">any</span> |  | The value of the component. The DOM API casts this to a string. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element ([IconButton](/api/icon-button/)).

## CSS

- Style sheet name: `MuiCheckbox`.
- Style sheet details:

| Rule name | Global class | Description |
|:-----|:-------------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCheckbox-root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">checked</span> | <span class="prop-name">Mui-checked</span> | Pseudo-class applied to the root element if `checked={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | <span class="prop-name">Mui-disabled</span> | Pseudo-class applied to the root element if `disabled={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">indeterminate</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCheckbox-indeterminate</span> | Pseudo-class applied to the root element if `indeterminate={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorPrimary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCheckbox-colorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `color="primary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorSecondary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCheckbox-colorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `color="secondary"`.

You can override the style of the component thanks to one of these customization points:

- With a rule name of the [`classes` object prop](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes).
- With a [global class name](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-global-class-names).
- With a theme and an [`overrides` property](/customization/globals/#css).

If that's not sufficient, you can check the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Checkbox/Checkbox.js) for more detail.

## Inheritance

The props of the [IconButton](/api/icon-button/) component are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Notes

The component is fully [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html) compatible.

## Demos

- [Checkboxes](/components/checkboxes/)
- [Transfer List](/components/transfer-list/)

Commit message:

[docs] Small changes (#17060)
* [docs] Remove strict mode note

All the components should be strict mode ready.
It's our target. Long term, this note is not needed.
We can use the GitHub issue instead to track our progress.

* [docs] Open color tool in a new tab

* [docs] Keep the same url for july than other months

I think that Matt is right. Let's bet consitent.

* [docs] Create awareness for the different imports

* [docs] Solve one no match with Algolia

* [core] Export default at the component creation

* [docs] Avoid the creation of an intermediary component

* [docs] Fix tooltip warning on mobile

* [docs] Add new synonyms

* Update docs/src/pages/components/snackbars/snackbars.md

Co-Authored-By: Matt <github@nospam.33m.co>

docs/pages/api/checkbox.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Checkbox/Checkbox.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Checkbox API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Checkbox React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

## Import

```js
import Checkbox from '@material-ui/core/Checkbox';
// or
import { Checkbox } from '@material-ui/core';
```

You can learn more about the difference by [reading our guide](/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/).



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">checked</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the component is checked. |
| <span class="prop-name">checkedIcon</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> | <span class="prop-default">&lt;CheckBoxIcon /></span> | The icon to display when the component is checked. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">color</span> | <span class="prop-type">'primary'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'secondary'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'default'</span> | <span class="prop-default">'secondary'</span> | The color of the component. It supports those theme colors that make sense for this component. |
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the switch will be disabled. |
| <span class="prop-name">disableRipple</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the ripple effect will be disabled. |
| <span class="prop-name">icon</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> | <span class="prop-default">&lt;CheckBoxOutlineBlankIcon /></span> | The icon to display when the component is unchecked. |
| <span class="prop-name">id</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> |  | The id of the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">indeterminate</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the component appears indeterminate. This does not set the native input element to indeterminate due to inconsistent behavior across browsers. However, we set a `data-indeterminate` attribute on the input. |
| <span class="prop-name">indeterminateIcon</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> | <span class="prop-default">&lt;IndeterminateCheckBoxIcon /></span> | The icon to display when the component is indeterminate. |
| <span class="prop-name">inputProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | [Attributes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#Attributes) applied to the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">inputRef</span> | <span class="prop-type">func<br>&#124;&nbsp;object</span> |  | This prop can be used to pass a ref callback to the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">onChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the state is changed.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object, checked: boolean) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback. You can pull out the new value by accessing `event.target.checked`.<br>*checked:* The `checked` value of the switch |
| <span class="prop-name">required</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the `input` element will be required. |
| <span class="prop-name">type</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> |  | The input component prop `type`. |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">any</span> |  | The value of the component. The DOM API casts this to a string. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element ([IconButton](/api/icon-button/)).

## CSS

- Style sheet name: `MuiCheckbox`.
- Style sheet details:

| Rule name | Global class | Description |
|:-----|:-------------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCheckbox-root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">checked</span> | <span class="prop-name">Mui-checked</span> | Pseudo-class applied to the root element if `checked={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | <span class="prop-name">Mui-disabled</span> | Pseudo-class applied to the root element if `disabled={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">indeterminate</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCheckbox-indeterminate</span> | Pseudo-class applied to the root element if `indeterminate={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorPrimary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCheckbox-colorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `color="primary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorSecondary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCheckbox-colorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `color="secondary"`.

You can override the style of the component thanks to one of these customization points:

- With a rule name of the [`classes` object prop](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes).
- With a [global class name](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-global-class-names).
- With a theme and an [`overrides` property](/customization/globals/#css).

If that's not sufficient, you can check the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Checkbox/Checkbox.js) for more detail.

## Inheritance

The props of the [IconButton](/api/icon-button/) component are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Demos

- [Checkboxes](/components/checkboxes/)
- [Transfer List](/components/transfer-list/)
