docs/pages/api/click-away-listener.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/ClickAwayListener/ClickAwayListener.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# ClickAwayListener API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the ClickAwayListener React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import ClickAwayListener from '@material-ui/core/ClickAwayListener';
```

Listen for click events that occur somewhere in the document, outside of the element itself.
For instance, if you need to hide a menu when people click anywhere else on your page.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">element</span> |  | The wrapped element.<br>⚠️ [Needs to be able to hold a ref](/guides/composition/#caveat-with-refs). |
| <span class="prop-name">mouseEvent</span> | <span class="prop-type">'onClick'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'onMouseDown'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'onMouseUp'<br>&#124;&nbsp;false</span> | <span class="prop-default">'onClick'</span> | The mouse event to listen to. You can disable the listener by providing `false`. |
| <span class="prop-name required">onClickAway&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when a "click away" event is detected. |
| <span class="prop-name">touchEvent</span> | <span class="prop-type">'onTouchStart'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'onTouchEnd'<br>&#124;&nbsp;false</span> | <span class="prop-default">'onTouchEnd'</span> | The touch event to listen to. You can disable the listener by providing `false`. |

The component cannot hold a ref.


## Notes

The component can cause issues in [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html).

## Demos

- [Click Away Listener](/components/click-away-listener/)
- [Menus](/components/menus/)

Commit message:

[docs] Small changes (#17060)
* [docs] Remove strict mode note

All the components should be strict mode ready.
It's our target. Long term, this note is not needed.
We can use the GitHub issue instead to track our progress.

* [docs] Open color tool in a new tab

* [docs] Keep the same url for july than other months

I think that Matt is right. Let's bet consitent.

* [docs] Create awareness for the different imports

* [docs] Solve one no match with Algolia

* [core] Export default at the component creation

* [docs] Avoid the creation of an intermediary component

* [docs] Fix tooltip warning on mobile

* [docs] Add new synonyms

* Update docs/src/pages/components/snackbars/snackbars.md

Co-Authored-By: Matt <github@nospam.33m.co>

docs/pages/api/click-away-listener.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/ClickAwayListener/ClickAwayListener.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# ClickAwayListener API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the ClickAwayListener React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

## Import

```js
import ClickAwayListener from '@material-ui/core/ClickAwayListener';
// or
import { ClickAwayListener } from '@material-ui/core';
```

You can learn more about the difference by [reading our guide](/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/).

Listen for click events that occur somewhere in the document, outside of the element itself.
For instance, if you need to hide a menu when people click anywhere else on your page.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">element</span> |  | The wrapped element.<br>⚠️ [Needs to be able to hold a ref](/guides/composition/#caveat-with-refs). |
| <span class="prop-name">mouseEvent</span> | <span class="prop-type">'onClick'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'onMouseDown'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'onMouseUp'<br>&#124;&nbsp;false</span> | <span class="prop-default">'onClick'</span> | The mouse event to listen to. You can disable the listener by providing `false`. |
| <span class="prop-name required">onClickAway&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when a "click away" event is detected. |
| <span class="prop-name">touchEvent</span> | <span class="prop-type">'onTouchStart'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'onTouchEnd'<br>&#124;&nbsp;false</span> | <span class="prop-default">'onTouchEnd'</span> | The touch event to listen to. You can disable the listener by providing `false`. |

The component cannot hold a ref.


## Demos

- [Click Away Listener](/components/click-away-listener/)
- [Menus](/components/menus/)
