docs/pages/api/collapse.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Collapse/Collapse.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Collapse API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Collapse React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import Collapse from '@material-ui/core/Collapse';
```

The Collapse transition is used by the
[Vertical Stepper](/components/steppers/#vertical-stepper) StepContent component.
It uses [react-transition-group](https://github.com/reactjs/react-transition-group) internally.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content node to be collapsed. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">collapsedHeight</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> | <span class="prop-default">'0px'</span> | The height of the container when collapsed. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'div'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">in</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the component will transition in. |
| <span class="prop-name">timeout</span> | <span class="prop-type">number<br>&#124;&nbsp;{ enter?: number, exit?: number }<br>&#124;&nbsp;'auto'</span> | <span class="prop-default">duration.standard</span> | The duration for the transition, in milliseconds. You may specify a single timeout for all transitions, or individually with an object.<br>Set to 'auto' to automatically calculate transition time based on height. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element ([Transition](https://reactcommunity.org/react-transition-group/transition/#Transition-props)).

## CSS

- Style sheet name: `MuiCollapse`.
- Style sheet details:

| Rule name | Global class | Description |
|:-----|:-------------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">container</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCollapse-container</span> | Styles applied to the container element.
| <span class="prop-name">entered</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCollapse-entered</span> | Styles applied to the container element when the transition has entered.
| <span class="prop-name">hidden</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCollapse-hidden</span> | Styles applied to the container element when the transition has exited and `collapsedHeight` != 0px.
| <span class="prop-name">wrapper</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCollapse-wrapper</span> | Styles applied to the outer wrapper element.
| <span class="prop-name">wrapperInner</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCollapse-wrapperInner</span> | Styles applied to the inner wrapper element.

You can override the style of the component thanks to one of these customization points:

- With a rule name of the [`classes` object prop](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes).
- With a [global class name](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-global-class-names).
- With a theme and an [`overrides` property](/customization/globals/#css).

If that's not sufficient, you can check the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Collapse/Collapse.js) for more detail.

## Inheritance

The props of the [Transition](https://reactcommunity.org/react-transition-group/transition/#Transition-props) component, from react-transition-group, are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Notes

The component can cause issues in [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html).

## Demos

- [Cards](/components/cards/)
- [Lists](/components/lists/)
- [Transitions](/components/transitions/)

Commit message:

[docs] Small changes (#17060)
* [docs] Remove strict mode note

All the components should be strict mode ready.
It's our target. Long term, this note is not needed.
We can use the GitHub issue instead to track our progress.

* [docs] Open color tool in a new tab

* [docs] Keep the same url for july than other months

I think that Matt is right. Let's bet consitent.

* [docs] Create awareness for the different imports

* [docs] Solve one no match with Algolia

* [core] Export default at the component creation

* [docs] Avoid the creation of an intermediary component

* [docs] Fix tooltip warning on mobile

* [docs] Add new synonyms

* Update docs/src/pages/components/snackbars/snackbars.md

Co-Authored-By: Matt <github@nospam.33m.co>

docs/pages/api/collapse.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Collapse/Collapse.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Collapse API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Collapse React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

## Import

```js
import Collapse from '@material-ui/core/Collapse';
// or
import { Collapse } from '@material-ui/core';
```

You can learn more about the difference by [reading our guide](/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/).

The Collapse transition is used by the
[Vertical Stepper](/components/steppers/#vertical-stepper) StepContent component.
It uses [react-transition-group](https://github.com/reactjs/react-transition-group) internally.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content node to be collapsed. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">collapsedHeight</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> | <span class="prop-default">'0px'</span> | The height of the container when collapsed. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'div'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">in</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the component will transition in. |
| <span class="prop-name">timeout</span> | <span class="prop-type">number<br>&#124;&nbsp;{ enter?: number, exit?: number }<br>&#124;&nbsp;'auto'</span> | <span class="prop-default">duration.standard</span> | The duration for the transition, in milliseconds. You may specify a single timeout for all transitions, or individually with an object.<br>Set to 'auto' to automatically calculate transition time based on height. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element ([Transition](https://reactcommunity.org/react-transition-group/transition/#Transition-props)).

## CSS

- Style sheet name: `MuiCollapse`.
- Style sheet details:

| Rule name | Global class | Description |
|:-----|:-------------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">container</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCollapse-container</span> | Styles applied to the container element.
| <span class="prop-name">entered</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCollapse-entered</span> | Styles applied to the container element when the transition has entered.
| <span class="prop-name">hidden</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCollapse-hidden</span> | Styles applied to the container element when the transition has exited and `collapsedHeight` != 0px.
| <span class="prop-name">wrapper</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCollapse-wrapper</span> | Styles applied to the outer wrapper element.
| <span class="prop-name">wrapperInner</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiCollapse-wrapperInner</span> | Styles applied to the inner wrapper element.

You can override the style of the component thanks to one of these customization points:

- With a rule name of the [`classes` object prop](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes).
- With a [global class name](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-global-class-names).
- With a theme and an [`overrides` property](/customization/globals/#css).

If that's not sufficient, you can check the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Collapse/Collapse.js) for more detail.

## Inheritance

The props of the [Transition](https://reactcommunity.org/react-transition-group/transition/#Transition-props) component, from react-transition-group, are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Demos

- [Cards](/components/cards/)
- [Lists](/components/lists/)
- [Transitions](/components/transitions/)
