docs/pages/api/drawer.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Drawer/Drawer.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Drawer API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Drawer React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import Drawer from '@material-ui/core/Drawer';
```

The props of the [Modal](/api/modal/) component are available
when `variant="temporary"` is set.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">anchor</span> | <span class="prop-type">'left'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'top'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'right'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'bottom'</span> | <span class="prop-default">'left'</span> | Side from which the drawer will appear. |
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The contents of the drawer. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">elevation</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> | <span class="prop-default">16</span> | The elevation of the drawer. |
| <span class="prop-name">ModalProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> | <span class="prop-default">{}</span> | Props applied to the [`Modal`](/api/modal/) element. |
| <span class="prop-name">onClose</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the component requests to be closed.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback |
| <span class="prop-name">open</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the drawer is open. |
| <span class="prop-name">PaperProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Props applied to the [`Paper`](/api/paper/) element. |
| <span class="prop-name">SlideProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Props applied to the [`Slide`](/api/slide/) element. |
| <span class="prop-name">transitionDuration</span> | <span class="prop-type">number<br>&#124;&nbsp;{ enter?: number, exit?: number }</span> | <span class="prop-default">{ enter: duration.enteringScreen, exit: duration.leavingScreen }</span> | The duration for the transition, in milliseconds. You may specify a single timeout for all transitions, or individually with an object. |
| <span class="prop-name">variant</span> | <span class="prop-type">'permanent'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'persistent'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'temporary'</span> | <span class="prop-default">'temporary'</span> | The variant to use. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

- Style sheet name: `MuiDrawer`.
- Style sheet details:

| Rule name | Global class | Description |
|:-----|:-------------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">docked</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-docked</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="permanent or persistent"`.
| <span class="prop-name">paper</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paper</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component.
| <span class="prop-name">paperAnchorLeft</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paperAnchorLeft</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component if `anchor="left"`.
| <span class="prop-name">paperAnchorRight</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paperAnchorRight</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component if `anchor="right"`.
| <span class="prop-name">paperAnchorTop</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paperAnchorTop</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component if `anchor="top"`.
| <span class="prop-name">paperAnchorBottom</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paperAnchorBottom</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component if `anchor="bottom"`.
| <span class="prop-name">paperAnchorDockedLeft</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paperAnchorDockedLeft</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component if `anchor="left"` & `variant` is not "temporary".
| <span class="prop-name">paperAnchorDockedTop</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paperAnchorDockedTop</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component if `anchor="top"` & `variant` is not "temporary".
| <span class="prop-name">paperAnchorDockedRight</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paperAnchorDockedRight</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component if `anchor="right"` & `variant` is not "temporary".
| <span class="prop-name">paperAnchorDockedBottom</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paperAnchorDockedBottom</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component if `anchor="bottom"` & `variant` is not "temporary".
| <span class="prop-name">modal</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-modal</span> | Styles applied to the `Modal` component.

You can override the style of the component thanks to one of these customization points:

- With a rule name of the [`classes` object prop](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes).
- With a [global class name](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-global-class-names).
- With a theme and an [`overrides` property](/customization/globals/#css).

If that's not sufficient, you can check the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Drawer/Drawer.js) for more detail.

## Notes

The component can cause issues in [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html).

## Demos

- [Drawers](/components/drawers/)

Commit message:

[docs] Small changes (#17060)
* [docs] Remove strict mode note

All the components should be strict mode ready.
It's our target. Long term, this note is not needed.
We can use the GitHub issue instead to track our progress.

* [docs] Open color tool in a new tab

* [docs] Keep the same url for july than other months

I think that Matt is right. Let's bet consitent.

* [docs] Create awareness for the different imports

* [docs] Solve one no match with Algolia

* [core] Export default at the component creation

* [docs] Avoid the creation of an intermediary component

* [docs] Fix tooltip warning on mobile

* [docs] Add new synonyms

* Update docs/src/pages/components/snackbars/snackbars.md

Co-Authored-By: Matt <github@nospam.33m.co>

docs/pages/api/drawer.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Drawer/Drawer.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Drawer API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Drawer React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

## Import

```js
import Drawer from '@material-ui/core/Drawer';
// or
import { Drawer } from '@material-ui/core';
```

You can learn more about the difference by [reading our guide](/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/).

The props of the [Modal](/api/modal/) component are available
when `variant="temporary"` is set.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">anchor</span> | <span class="prop-type">'left'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'top'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'right'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'bottom'</span> | <span class="prop-default">'left'</span> | Side from which the drawer will appear. |
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The contents of the drawer. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">elevation</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> | <span class="prop-default">16</span> | The elevation of the drawer. |
| <span class="prop-name">ModalProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> | <span class="prop-default">{}</span> | Props applied to the [`Modal`](/api/modal/) element. |
| <span class="prop-name">onClose</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the component requests to be closed.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback |
| <span class="prop-name">open</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the drawer is open. |
| <span class="prop-name">PaperProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Props applied to the [`Paper`](/api/paper/) element. |
| <span class="prop-name">SlideProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Props applied to the [`Slide`](/api/slide/) element. |
| <span class="prop-name">transitionDuration</span> | <span class="prop-type">number<br>&#124;&nbsp;{ enter?: number, exit?: number }</span> | <span class="prop-default">{ enter: duration.enteringScreen, exit: duration.leavingScreen }</span> | The duration for the transition, in milliseconds. You may specify a single timeout for all transitions, or individually with an object. |
| <span class="prop-name">variant</span> | <span class="prop-type">'permanent'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'persistent'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'temporary'</span> | <span class="prop-default">'temporary'</span> | The variant to use. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

- Style sheet name: `MuiDrawer`.
- Style sheet details:

| Rule name | Global class | Description |
|:-----|:-------------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">docked</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-docked</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="permanent or persistent"`.
| <span class="prop-name">paper</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paper</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component.
| <span class="prop-name">paperAnchorLeft</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paperAnchorLeft</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component if `anchor="left"`.
| <span class="prop-name">paperAnchorRight</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paperAnchorRight</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component if `anchor="right"`.
| <span class="prop-name">paperAnchorTop</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paperAnchorTop</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component if `anchor="top"`.
| <span class="prop-name">paperAnchorBottom</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paperAnchorBottom</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component if `anchor="bottom"`.
| <span class="prop-name">paperAnchorDockedLeft</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paperAnchorDockedLeft</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component if `anchor="left"` & `variant` is not "temporary".
| <span class="prop-name">paperAnchorDockedTop</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paperAnchorDockedTop</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component if `anchor="top"` & `variant` is not "temporary".
| <span class="prop-name">paperAnchorDockedRight</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paperAnchorDockedRight</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component if `anchor="right"` & `variant` is not "temporary".
| <span class="prop-name">paperAnchorDockedBottom</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-paperAnchorDockedBottom</span> | Styles applied to the `Paper` component if `anchor="bottom"` & `variant` is not "temporary".
| <span class="prop-name">modal</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiDrawer-modal</span> | Styles applied to the `Modal` component.

You can override the style of the component thanks to one of these customization points:

- With a rule name of the [`classes` object prop](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes).
- With a [global class name](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-global-class-names).
- With a theme and an [`overrides` property](/customization/globals/#css).

If that's not sufficient, you can check the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Drawer/Drawer.js) for more detail.

## Demos

- [Drawers](/components/drawers/)
