docs/pages/api/expansion-panel.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/ExpansionPanel/ExpansionPanel.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# ExpansionPanel API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the ExpansionPanel React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import ExpansionPanel from '@material-ui/core/ExpansionPanel';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content of the expansion panel. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">defaultExpanded</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, expands the panel by default. |
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the panel will be displayed in a disabled state. |
| <span class="prop-name">expanded</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, expands the panel, otherwise collapse it. Setting this prop enables control over the panel. |
| <span class="prop-name">onChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the expand/collapse state is changed.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object, expanded: boolean) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback<br>*expanded:* The `expanded` state of the panel |
| <span class="prop-name">TransitionComponent</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">Collapse</span> | The component used for the collapse effect. |
| <span class="prop-name">TransitionProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Props applied to the `Transition` element. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element ([Paper](/api/paper/)).

## CSS

- Style sheet name: `MuiExpansionPanel`.
- Style sheet details:

| Rule name | Global class | Description |
|:-----|:-------------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiExpansionPanel-root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">rounded</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiExpansionPanel-rounded</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `square={false}`.
| <span class="prop-name">expanded</span> | <span class="prop-name">Mui-expanded</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `expanded={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | <span class="prop-name">Mui-disabled</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `disabled={true}`.

You can override the style of the component thanks to one of these customization points:

- With a rule name of the [`classes` object prop](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes).
- With a [global class name](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-global-class-names).
- With a theme and an [`overrides` property](/customization/globals/#css).

If that's not sufficient, you can check the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/ExpansionPanel/ExpansionPanel.js) for more detail.

## Inheritance

The props of the [Paper](/api/paper/) component are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Notes

The component can cause issues in [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html).

## Demos

- [Expansion Panels](/components/expansion-panels/)

Commit message:

[docs] Small changes (#17060)
* [docs] Remove strict mode note

All the components should be strict mode ready.
It's our target. Long term, this note is not needed.
We can use the GitHub issue instead to track our progress.

* [docs] Open color tool in a new tab

* [docs] Keep the same url for july than other months

I think that Matt is right. Let's bet consitent.

* [docs] Create awareness for the different imports

* [docs] Solve one no match with Algolia

* [core] Export default at the component creation

* [docs] Avoid the creation of an intermediary component

* [docs] Fix tooltip warning on mobile

* [docs] Add new synonyms

* Update docs/src/pages/components/snackbars/snackbars.md

Co-Authored-By: Matt <github@nospam.33m.co>

docs/pages/api/expansion-panel.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/ExpansionPanel/ExpansionPanel.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# ExpansionPanel API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the ExpansionPanel React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

## Import

```js
import ExpansionPanel from '@material-ui/core/ExpansionPanel';
// or
import { ExpansionPanel } from '@material-ui/core';
```

You can learn more about the difference by [reading our guide](/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/).



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content of the expansion panel. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">defaultExpanded</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, expands the panel by default. |
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the panel will be displayed in a disabled state. |
| <span class="prop-name">expanded</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, expands the panel, otherwise collapse it. Setting this prop enables control over the panel. |
| <span class="prop-name">onChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the expand/collapse state is changed.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object, expanded: boolean) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback<br>*expanded:* The `expanded` state of the panel |
| <span class="prop-name">TransitionComponent</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">Collapse</span> | The component used for the collapse effect. |
| <span class="prop-name">TransitionProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Props applied to the `Transition` element. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element ([Paper](/api/paper/)).

## CSS

- Style sheet name: `MuiExpansionPanel`.
- Style sheet details:

| Rule name | Global class | Description |
|:-----|:-------------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiExpansionPanel-root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">rounded</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiExpansionPanel-rounded</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `square={false}`.
| <span class="prop-name">expanded</span> | <span class="prop-name">Mui-expanded</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `expanded={true}`.
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | <span class="prop-name">Mui-disabled</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `disabled={true}`.

You can override the style of the component thanks to one of these customization points:

- With a rule name of the [`classes` object prop](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes).
- With a [global class name](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-global-class-names).
- With a theme and an [`overrides` property](/customization/globals/#css).

If that's not sufficient, you can check the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/ExpansionPanel/ExpansionPanel.js) for more detail.

## Inheritance

The props of the [Paper](/api/paper/) component are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Demos

- [Expansion Panels](/components/expansion-panels/)
