docs/pages/api/fade.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Fade/Fade.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Fade API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Fade React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import Fade from '@material-ui/core/Fade';
```

The Fade transition is used by the [Modal](/components/modal/) component.
It uses [react-transition-group](https://github.com/reactjs/react-transition-group) internally.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">element</span> |  | A single child content element. |
| <span class="prop-name">in</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the component will transition in. |
| <span class="prop-name">timeout</span> | <span class="prop-type">number<br>&#124;&nbsp;{ enter?: number, exit?: number }</span> | <span class="prop-default">{  enter: duration.enteringScreen,  exit: duration.leavingScreen,}</span> | The duration for the transition, in milliseconds. You may specify a single timeout for all transitions, or individually with an object. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element ([Transition](https://reactcommunity.org/react-transition-group/transition/#Transition-props)).

## Inheritance

The props of the [Transition](https://reactcommunity.org/react-transition-group/transition/#Transition-props) component, from react-transition-group, are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Notes

The component can cause issues in [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html).

## Demos

- [Transitions](/components/transitions/)

Commit message:

[docs] Small changes (#17060)
* [docs] Remove strict mode note

All the components should be strict mode ready.
It's our target. Long term, this note is not needed.
We can use the GitHub issue instead to track our progress.

* [docs] Open color tool in a new tab

* [docs] Keep the same url for july than other months

I think that Matt is right. Let's bet consitent.

* [docs] Create awareness for the different imports

* [docs] Solve one no match with Algolia

* [core] Export default at the component creation

* [docs] Avoid the creation of an intermediary component

* [docs] Fix tooltip warning on mobile

* [docs] Add new synonyms

* Update docs/src/pages/components/snackbars/snackbars.md

Co-Authored-By: Matt <github@nospam.33m.co>

docs/pages/api/fade.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Fade/Fade.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Fade API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Fade React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

## Import

```js
import Fade from '@material-ui/core/Fade';
// or
import { Fade } from '@material-ui/core';
```

You can learn more about the difference by [reading our guide](/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/).

The Fade transition is used by the [Modal](/components/modal/) component.
It uses [react-transition-group](https://github.com/reactjs/react-transition-group) internally.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">element</span> |  | A single child content element. |
| <span class="prop-name">in</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the component will transition in. |
| <span class="prop-name">timeout</span> | <span class="prop-type">number<br>&#124;&nbsp;{ enter?: number, exit?: number }</span> | <span class="prop-default">{  enter: duration.enteringScreen,  exit: duration.leavingScreen,}</span> | The duration for the transition, in milliseconds. You may specify a single timeout for all transitions, or individually with an object. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element ([Transition](https://reactcommunity.org/react-transition-group/transition/#Transition-props)).

## Inheritance

The props of the [Transition](https://reactcommunity.org/react-transition-group/transition/#Transition-props) component, from react-transition-group, are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Demos

- [Transitions](/components/transitions/)
