docs/pages/api/linear-progress.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/LinearProgress/LinearProgress.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# LinearProgress API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the LinearProgress React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import LinearProgress from '@material-ui/core/LinearProgress';
```

## ARIA

If the progress bar is describing the loading progress of a particular region of a page,
you should use `aria-describedby` to point to the progress bar, and set the `aria-busy`
attribute to `true` on that region until it has finished loading.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">color</span> | <span class="prop-type">'primary'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'secondary'</span> | <span class="prop-default">'primary'</span> | The color of the component. It supports those theme colors that make sense for this component. |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> |  | The value of the progress indicator for the determinate and buffer variants. Value between 0 and 100. |
| <span class="prop-name">valueBuffer</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> |  | The value for the buffer variant. Value between 0 and 100. |
| <span class="prop-name">variant</span> | <span class="prop-type">'determinate'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'indeterminate'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'buffer'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'query'</span> | <span class="prop-default">'indeterminate'</span> | The variant to use. Use indeterminate or query when there is no progress value. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

- Style sheet name: `MuiLinearProgress`.
- Style sheet details:

| Rule name | Global class | Description |
|:-----|:-------------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">colorPrimary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-colorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the root & bar2 element if `color="primary"`; bar2 if `variant-"buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorSecondary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-colorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the root & bar2 elements if `color="secondary"`; bar2 if `variant="buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">determinate</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-determinate</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="determinate"`.
| <span class="prop-name">indeterminate</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-indeterminate</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="indeterminate"`.
| <span class="prop-name">buffer</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-buffer</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">query</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-query</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="query"`.
| <span class="prop-name">dashed</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-dashed</span> | Styles applied to the additional bar element if `variant="buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">dashedColorPrimary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-dashedColorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the additional bar element if `variant="buffer"` & `color="primary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">dashedColorSecondary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-dashedColorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the additional bar element if `variant="buffer"` & `color="secondary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-bar</span> | Styles applied to the layered bar1 & bar2 elements.
| <span class="prop-name">barColorPrimary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-barColorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the bar elements if `color="primary"`; bar2 if `variant` not "buffer".
| <span class="prop-name">barColorSecondary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-barColorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the bar elements if `color="secondary"`; bar2 if `variant` not "buffer".
| <span class="prop-name">bar1Indeterminate</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-bar1Indeterminate</span> | Styles applied to the bar1 element if `variant="indeterminate or query"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar1Determinate</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-bar1Determinate</span> | Styles applied to the bar1 element if `variant="determinate"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar1Buffer</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-bar1Buffer</span> | Styles applied to the bar1 element if `variant="buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar2Indeterminate</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-bar2Indeterminate</span> | Styles applied to the bar2 element if `variant="indeterminate or query"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar2Buffer</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-bar2Buffer</span> | Styles applied to the bar2 element if `variant="buffer"`.

You can override the style of the component thanks to one of these customization points:

- With a rule name of the [`classes` object prop](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes).
- With a [global class name](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-global-class-names).
- With a theme and an [`overrides` property](/customization/globals/#css).

If that's not sufficient, you can check the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/LinearProgress/LinearProgress.js) for more detail.

## Notes

The component is fully [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html) compatible.

## Demos

- [Progress](/components/progress/)

Commit message:

[docs] Small changes (#17060)
* [docs] Remove strict mode note

All the components should be strict mode ready.
It's our target. Long term, this note is not needed.
We can use the GitHub issue instead to track our progress.

* [docs] Open color tool in a new tab

* [docs] Keep the same url for july than other months

I think that Matt is right. Let's bet consitent.

* [docs] Create awareness for the different imports

* [docs] Solve one no match with Algolia

* [core] Export default at the component creation

* [docs] Avoid the creation of an intermediary component

* [docs] Fix tooltip warning on mobile

* [docs] Add new synonyms

* Update docs/src/pages/components/snackbars/snackbars.md

Co-Authored-By: Matt <github@nospam.33m.co>

docs/pages/api/linear-progress.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/LinearProgress/LinearProgress.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# LinearProgress API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the LinearProgress React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

## Import

```js
import LinearProgress from '@material-ui/core/LinearProgress';
// or
import { LinearProgress } from '@material-ui/core';
```

You can learn more about the difference by [reading our guide](/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/).

## ARIA

If the progress bar is describing the loading progress of a particular region of a page,
you should use `aria-describedby` to point to the progress bar, and set the `aria-busy`
attribute to `true` on that region until it has finished loading.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">color</span> | <span class="prop-type">'primary'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'secondary'</span> | <span class="prop-default">'primary'</span> | The color of the component. It supports those theme colors that make sense for this component. |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> |  | The value of the progress indicator for the determinate and buffer variants. Value between 0 and 100. |
| <span class="prop-name">valueBuffer</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> |  | The value for the buffer variant. Value between 0 and 100. |
| <span class="prop-name">variant</span> | <span class="prop-type">'determinate'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'indeterminate'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'buffer'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'query'</span> | <span class="prop-default">'indeterminate'</span> | The variant to use. Use indeterminate or query when there is no progress value. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

- Style sheet name: `MuiLinearProgress`.
- Style sheet details:

| Rule name | Global class | Description |
|:-----|:-------------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">colorPrimary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-colorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the root & bar2 element if `color="primary"`; bar2 if `variant-"buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorSecondary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-colorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the root & bar2 elements if `color="secondary"`; bar2 if `variant="buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">determinate</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-determinate</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="determinate"`.
| <span class="prop-name">indeterminate</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-indeterminate</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="indeterminate"`.
| <span class="prop-name">buffer</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-buffer</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">query</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-query</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `variant="query"`.
| <span class="prop-name">dashed</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-dashed</span> | Styles applied to the additional bar element if `variant="buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">dashedColorPrimary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-dashedColorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the additional bar element if `variant="buffer"` & `color="primary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">dashedColorSecondary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-dashedColorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the additional bar element if `variant="buffer"` & `color="secondary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-bar</span> | Styles applied to the layered bar1 & bar2 elements.
| <span class="prop-name">barColorPrimary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-barColorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the bar elements if `color="primary"`; bar2 if `variant` not "buffer".
| <span class="prop-name">barColorSecondary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-barColorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the bar elements if `color="secondary"`; bar2 if `variant` not "buffer".
| <span class="prop-name">bar1Indeterminate</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-bar1Indeterminate</span> | Styles applied to the bar1 element if `variant="indeterminate or query"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar1Determinate</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-bar1Determinate</span> | Styles applied to the bar1 element if `variant="determinate"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar1Buffer</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-bar1Buffer</span> | Styles applied to the bar1 element if `variant="buffer"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar2Indeterminate</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-bar2Indeterminate</span> | Styles applied to the bar2 element if `variant="indeterminate or query"`.
| <span class="prop-name">bar2Buffer</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLinearProgress-bar2Buffer</span> | Styles applied to the bar2 element if `variant="buffer"`.

You can override the style of the component thanks to one of these customization points:

- With a rule name of the [`classes` object prop](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes).
- With a [global class name](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-global-class-names).
- With a theme and an [`overrides` property](/customization/globals/#css).

If that's not sufficient, you can check the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/LinearProgress/LinearProgress.js) for more detail.

## Demos

- [Progress](/components/progress/)
