docs/pages/api/link.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Link/Link.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Link API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Link React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import Link from '@material-ui/core/Link';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content of the link. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">color</span> | <span class="prop-type">'default'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'error'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'inherit'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'primary'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'secondary'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'textPrimary'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'textSecondary'</span> | <span class="prop-default">'primary'</span> | The color of the link. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'a'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">TypographyClasses</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | `classes` prop applied to the [`Typography`](/api/typography/) element. |
| <span class="prop-name">underline</span> | <span class="prop-type">'none'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'hover'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'always'</span> | <span class="prop-default">'hover'</span> | Controls when the link should have an underline. |
| <span class="prop-name">variant</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> | <span class="prop-default">'inherit'</span> | Applies the theme typography styles. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element ([Typography](/api/typography/)).

## CSS

- Style sheet name: `MuiLink`.
- Style sheet details:

| Rule name | Global class | Description |
|:-----|:-------------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLink-root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">underlineNone</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLink-underlineNone</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `underline="none"`.
| <span class="prop-name">underlineHover</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLink-underlineHover</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `underline="hover"`.
| <span class="prop-name">underlineAlways</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLink-underlineAlways</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `underline="always"`.
| <span class="prop-name">button</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLink-button</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `component="button"`.
| <span class="prop-name">focusVisible</span> | <span class="prop-name">Mui-focusVisible</span> | Pseudo-class applied to the root element if the link is keyboard focused.

You can override the style of the component thanks to one of these customization points:

- With a rule name of the [`classes` object prop](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes).
- With a [global class name](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-global-class-names).
- With a theme and an [`overrides` property](/customization/globals/#css).

If that's not sufficient, you can check the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Link/Link.js) for more detail.

## Inheritance

The props of the [Typography](/api/typography/) component are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Notes

The component is fully [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html) compatible.

## Demos

- [Breadcrumbs](/components/breadcrumbs/)
- [Links](/components/links/)

Commit message:

[docs] Small changes (#17060)
* [docs] Remove strict mode note

All the components should be strict mode ready.
It's our target. Long term, this note is not needed.
We can use the GitHub issue instead to track our progress.

* [docs] Open color tool in a new tab

* [docs] Keep the same url for july than other months

I think that Matt is right. Let's bet consitent.

* [docs] Create awareness for the different imports

* [docs] Solve one no match with Algolia

* [core] Export default at the component creation

* [docs] Avoid the creation of an intermediary component

* [docs] Fix tooltip warning on mobile

* [docs] Add new synonyms

* Update docs/src/pages/components/snackbars/snackbars.md

Co-Authored-By: Matt <github@nospam.33m.co>

docs/pages/api/link.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Link/Link.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Link API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Link React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

## Import

```js
import Link from '@material-ui/core/Link';
// or
import { Link } from '@material-ui/core';
```

You can learn more about the difference by [reading our guide](/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/).



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content of the link. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">color</span> | <span class="prop-type">'default'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'error'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'inherit'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'primary'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'secondary'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'textPrimary'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'textSecondary'</span> | <span class="prop-default">'primary'</span> | The color of the link. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'a'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">TypographyClasses</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | `classes` prop applied to the [`Typography`](/api/typography/) element. |
| <span class="prop-name">underline</span> | <span class="prop-type">'none'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'hover'<br>&#124;&nbsp;'always'</span> | <span class="prop-default">'hover'</span> | Controls when the link should have an underline. |
| <span class="prop-name">variant</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> | <span class="prop-default">'inherit'</span> | Applies the theme typography styles. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element ([Typography](/api/typography/)).

## CSS

- Style sheet name: `MuiLink`.
- Style sheet details:

| Rule name | Global class | Description |
|:-----|:-------------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLink-root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">underlineNone</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLink-underlineNone</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `underline="none"`.
| <span class="prop-name">underlineHover</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLink-underlineHover</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `underline="hover"`.
| <span class="prop-name">underlineAlways</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLink-underlineAlways</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `underline="always"`.
| <span class="prop-name">button</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiLink-button</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `component="button"`.
| <span class="prop-name">focusVisible</span> | <span class="prop-name">Mui-focusVisible</span> | Pseudo-class applied to the root element if the link is keyboard focused.

You can override the style of the component thanks to one of these customization points:

- With a rule name of the [`classes` object prop](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes).
- With a [global class name](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-global-class-names).
- With a theme and an [`overrides` property](/customization/globals/#css).

If that's not sufficient, you can check the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Link/Link.js) for more detail.

## Inheritance

The props of the [Typography](/api/typography/) component are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Demos

- [Breadcrumbs](/components/breadcrumbs/)
- [Links](/components/links/)
