docs/pages/api/menu-list.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/MenuList/MenuList.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# MenuList API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the MenuList React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import MenuList from '@material-ui/core/MenuList';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">autoFocus</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the list will be focused during the first mount. Focus will also be triggered if the value changes from false to true. |
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | MenuList contents, normally `MenuItem`s. |
| <span class="prop-name">disableListWrap</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the menu items will not wrap focus. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element ([List](/api/list/)).

## Inheritance

The props of the [List](/api/list/) component are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Notes

The component is fully [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html) compatible.

## Demos

- [Menus](/components/menus/)

Commit message:

[docs] Small changes (#17060)
* [docs] Remove strict mode note

All the components should be strict mode ready.
It's our target. Long term, this note is not needed.
We can use the GitHub issue instead to track our progress.

* [docs] Open color tool in a new tab

* [docs] Keep the same url for july than other months

I think that Matt is right. Let's bet consitent.

* [docs] Create awareness for the different imports

* [docs] Solve one no match with Algolia

* [core] Export default at the component creation

* [docs] Avoid the creation of an intermediary component

* [docs] Fix tooltip warning on mobile

* [docs] Add new synonyms

* Update docs/src/pages/components/snackbars/snackbars.md

Co-Authored-By: Matt <github@nospam.33m.co>

docs/pages/api/menu-list.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/MenuList/MenuList.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# MenuList API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the MenuList React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

## Import

```js
import MenuList from '@material-ui/core/MenuList';
// or
import { MenuList } from '@material-ui/core';
```

You can learn more about the difference by [reading our guide](/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/).



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">autoFocus</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the list will be focused during the first mount. Focus will also be triggered if the value changes from false to true. |
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | MenuList contents, normally `MenuItem`s. |
| <span class="prop-name">disableListWrap</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the menu items will not wrap focus. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element ([List](/api/list/)).

## Inheritance

The props of the [List](/api/list/) component are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Demos

- [Menus](/components/menus/)
