docs/pages/api/no-ssr.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/NoSsr/NoSsr.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# NoSsr API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the NoSsr React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import NoSsr from '@material-ui/core/NoSsr';
```

NoSsr purposely removes components from the subject of Server Side Rendering (SSR).

This component can be useful in a variety of situations:
- Escape hatch for broken dependencies not supporting SSR.
- Improve the time-to-first paint on the client by only rendering above the fold.
- Reduce the rendering time on the server.
- Under too heavy server load, you can turn on service degradation.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | You can wrap a node. |
| <span class="prop-name">defer</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the component will not only prevent server-side rendering. It will also defer the rendering of the children into a different screen frame. |
| <span class="prop-name">fallback</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> | <span class="prop-default">null</span> | The fallback content to display. |

The component cannot hold a ref.


## Notes

The component can cause issues in [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html).

## Demos

- [No Ssr](/components/no-ssr/)

Commit message:

[docs] Small changes (#17060)
* [docs] Remove strict mode note

All the components should be strict mode ready.
It's our target. Long term, this note is not needed.
We can use the GitHub issue instead to track our progress.

* [docs] Open color tool in a new tab

* [docs] Keep the same url for july than other months

I think that Matt is right. Let's bet consitent.

* [docs] Create awareness for the different imports

* [docs] Solve one no match with Algolia

* [core] Export default at the component creation

* [docs] Avoid the creation of an intermediary component

* [docs] Fix tooltip warning on mobile

* [docs] Add new synonyms

* Update docs/src/pages/components/snackbars/snackbars.md

Co-Authored-By: Matt <github@nospam.33m.co>

docs/pages/api/no-ssr.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/NoSsr/NoSsr.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# NoSsr API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the NoSsr React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

## Import

```js
import NoSsr from '@material-ui/core/NoSsr';
// or
import { NoSsr } from '@material-ui/core';
```

You can learn more about the difference by [reading our guide](/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/).

NoSsr purposely removes components from the subject of Server Side Rendering (SSR).

This component can be useful in a variety of situations:
- Escape hatch for broken dependencies not supporting SSR.
- Improve the time-to-first paint on the client by only rendering above the fold.
- Reduce the rendering time on the server.
- Under too heavy server load, you can turn on service degradation.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | You can wrap a node. |
| <span class="prop-name">defer</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the component will not only prevent server-side rendering. It will also defer the rendering of the children into a different screen frame. |
| <span class="prop-name">fallback</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> | <span class="prop-default">null</span> | The fallback content to display. |

The component cannot hold a ref.


## Demos

- [No Ssr](/components/no-ssr/)
