docs/pages/api/portal.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Portal/Portal.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Portal API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Portal React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import Portal from '@material-ui/core/Portal';
```

Portals provide a first-class way to render children into a DOM node
that exists outside the DOM hierarchy of the parent component.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The children to render into the `container`. |
| <span class="prop-name">container</span> | <span class="prop-type">func<br>&#124;&nbsp;React.Component<br>&#124;&nbsp;Element</span> |  | A node, component instance, or function that returns either. The `container` will have the portal children appended to it. By default, it uses the body of the top-level document object, so it's simply `document.body` most of the time. |
| <span class="prop-name">disablePortal</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | Disable the portal behavior. The children stay within it's parent DOM hierarchy. |
| <span class="prop-name">onRendered</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired once the children has been mounted into the `container`.<br>This prop will be deprecated and removed in v5, the ref can be used instead. |

The component cannot hold a ref.


## Notes

The component can cause issues in [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html).

## Demos

- [Portal](/components/portal/)

Commit message:

[docs] Small changes (#17060)
* [docs] Remove strict mode note

All the components should be strict mode ready.
It's our target. Long term, this note is not needed.
We can use the GitHub issue instead to track our progress.

* [docs] Open color tool in a new tab

* [docs] Keep the same url for july than other months

I think that Matt is right. Let's bet consitent.

* [docs] Create awareness for the different imports

* [docs] Solve one no match with Algolia

* [core] Export default at the component creation

* [docs] Avoid the creation of an intermediary component

* [docs] Fix tooltip warning on mobile

* [docs] Add new synonyms

* Update docs/src/pages/components/snackbars/snackbars.md

Co-Authored-By: Matt <github@nospam.33m.co>

docs/pages/api/portal.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Portal/Portal.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Portal API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Portal React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

## Import

```js
import Portal from '@material-ui/core/Portal';
// or
import { Portal } from '@material-ui/core';
```

You can learn more about the difference by [reading our guide](/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/).

Portals provide a first-class way to render children into a DOM node
that exists outside the DOM hierarchy of the parent component.

## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The children to render into the `container`. |
| <span class="prop-name">container</span> | <span class="prop-type">func<br>&#124;&nbsp;React.Component<br>&#124;&nbsp;Element</span> |  | A node, component instance, or function that returns either. The `container` will have the portal children appended to it. By default, it uses the body of the top-level document object, so it's simply `document.body` most of the time. |
| <span class="prop-name">disablePortal</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | Disable the portal behavior. The children stay within it's parent DOM hierarchy. |
| <span class="prop-name">onRendered</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired once the children has been mounted into the `container`.<br>This prop will be deprecated and removed in v5, the ref can be used instead. |

The component cannot hold a ref.


## Demos

- [Portal](/components/portal/)
