docs/pages/api/select.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Select/Select.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Select API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Select React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import Select from '@material-ui/core/Select';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">autoWidth</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If true, the width of the popover will automatically be set according to the items inside the menu, otherwise it will be at least the width of the select input. |
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The option elements to populate the select with. Can be some `MenuItem` when `native` is false and `option` when `native` is true.<br>⚠️The `MenuItem` elements **must** be direct descendants when `native` is false. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">displayEmpty</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, a value is displayed even if no items are selected.<br>In order to display a meaningful value, a function should be passed to the `renderValue` prop which returns the value to be displayed when no items are selected. You can only use it when the `native` prop is `false` (default). |
| <span class="prop-name">IconComponent</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">ArrowDropDownIcon</span> | The icon that displays the arrow. |
| <span class="prop-name">input</span> | <span class="prop-type">element</span> | <span class="prop-default">&lt;Input /></span> | An `Input` element; does not have to be a material-ui specific `Input`. |
| <span class="prop-name">inputProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | [Attributes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#Attributes) applied to the `input` element. When `native` is `true`, the attributes are applied on the `select` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">MenuProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Props applied to the [`Menu`](/api/menu/) element. |
| <span class="prop-name">multiple</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If true, `value` must be an array and the menu will support multiple selections. |
| <span class="prop-name">native</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the component will be using a native `select` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">onChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback function fired when a menu item is selected.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object, child?: object) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback. You can pull out the new value by accessing `event.target.value`.<br>*child:* The react element that was selected when `native` is `false` (default). |
| <span class="prop-name">onClose</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the component requests to be closed. Use in controlled mode (see open).<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback |
| <span class="prop-name">onOpen</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the component requests to be opened. Use in controlled mode (see open).<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback |
| <span class="prop-name">open</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | Control `select` open state. You can only use it when the `native` prop is `false` (default). |
| <span class="prop-name">renderValue</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Render the selected value. You can only use it when the `native` prop is `false` (default).<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(value: any) => ReactElement`<br>*value:* The `value` provided to the component. |
| <span class="prop-name">SelectDisplayProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Props applied to the clickable div element. |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">any</span> |  | The input value. This prop is required when the `native` prop is `false` (default). |
| <span class="prop-name">variant</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'standard'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'outlined'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'filled'<br></span> |  | The variant to use. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element ([Input](/api/input/)).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` prop.
This prop accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the select component `root` class.
| <span class="prop-name">select</span> | Styles applied to the select component `select` class.
| <span class="prop-name">filled</span> | Styles applied to the select component if `variant="filled"`.
| <span class="prop-name">outlined</span> | Styles applied to the select component if `variant="outlined"`.
| <span class="prop-name">selectMenu</span> | Styles applied to the select component `selectMenu` class.
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | Pseudo-class applied to the select component `disabled` class.
| <span class="prop-name">icon</span> | Styles applied to the select component `icon` class.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Select/Select.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiSelect`.

## Inheritance

The properties of the [Input](/api/input/) component are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Notes

The component can cause issues in [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html).

## Demos

- [Selects](/components/selects/)

Commit message:

[docs] Document the global class names (#16770)

docs/pages/api/select.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Select/Select.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Select API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Select React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import { Select } from '@material-ui/core';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">autoWidth</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If true, the width of the popover will automatically be set according to the items inside the menu, otherwise it will be at least the width of the select input. |
| <span class="prop-name">children</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The option elements to populate the select with. Can be some `MenuItem` when `native` is false and `option` when `native` is true.<br>⚠️The `MenuItem` elements **must** be direct descendants when `native` is false. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">displayEmpty</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, a value is displayed even if no items are selected.<br>In order to display a meaningful value, a function should be passed to the `renderValue` prop which returns the value to be displayed when no items are selected. You can only use it when the `native` prop is `false` (default). |
| <span class="prop-name">IconComponent</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">ArrowDropDownIcon</span> | The icon that displays the arrow. |
| <span class="prop-name">input</span> | <span class="prop-type">element</span> | <span class="prop-default">&lt;Input /></span> | An `Input` element; does not have to be a material-ui specific `Input`. |
| <span class="prop-name">inputProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | [Attributes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#Attributes) applied to the `input` element. When `native` is `true`, the attributes are applied on the `select` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">MenuProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Props applied to the [`Menu`](/api/menu/) element. |
| <span class="prop-name">multiple</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If true, `value` must be an array and the menu will support multiple selections. |
| <span class="prop-name">native</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, the component will be using a native `select` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">onChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback function fired when a menu item is selected.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object, child?: object) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback. You can pull out the new value by accessing `event.target.value`.<br>*child:* The react element that was selected when `native` is `false` (default). |
| <span class="prop-name">onClose</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the component requests to be closed. Use in controlled mode (see open).<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback |
| <span class="prop-name">onOpen</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the component requests to be opened. Use in controlled mode (see open).<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback |
| <span class="prop-name">open</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | Control `select` open state. You can only use it when the `native` prop is `false` (default). |
| <span class="prop-name">renderValue</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Render the selected value. You can only use it when the `native` prop is `false` (default).<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(value: any) => ReactElement`<br>*value:* The `value` provided to the component. |
| <span class="prop-name">SelectDisplayProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Props applied to the clickable div element. |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">any</span> |  | The input value. This prop is required when the `native` prop is `false` (default). |
| <span class="prop-name">variant</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'standard'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'outlined'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'filled'<br></span> |  | The variant to use. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element ([Input](/api/input/)).

## CSS

- Style sheet name: `MuiSelect`.
- Style sheet details:

| Rule name | Global class | Description |
|:-----|:-------------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiSelect-root</span> | Styles applied to the select component `root` class.
| <span class="prop-name">select</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiSelect-select</span> | Styles applied to the select component `select` class.
| <span class="prop-name">filled</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiSelect-filled</span> | Styles applied to the select component if `variant="filled"`.
| <span class="prop-name">outlined</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiSelect-outlined</span> | Styles applied to the select component if `variant="outlined"`.
| <span class="prop-name">selectMenu</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiSelect-selectMenu</span> | Styles applied to the select component `selectMenu` class.
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | <span class="prop-name">Mui-disabled</span> | Pseudo-class applied to the select component `disabled` class.
| <span class="prop-name">icon</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiSelect-icon</span> | Styles applied to the select component `icon` class.

You can override the style of the component thanks to one of these customizability points:

- With a rule name of the [`classes` object prop](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes).
- With a [global class name](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-global-class-names).
- With a theme and an [`overrides` property](/customization/globals/#css).

If it's not enough, you can find the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Select/Select.js) for more detail.

## Inheritance

The properties of the [Input](/api/input/) component are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Notes

The component can cause issues in [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html).

## Demos

- [Selects](/components/selects/)
