docs/pages/api/svg-icon.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/SvgIcon/SvgIcon.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# SvgIcon API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the SvgIcon React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import SvgIcon from '@material-ui/core/SvgIcon';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | Node passed into the SVG element. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">color</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'inherit', 'primary', 'secondary', 'action', 'error', 'disabled'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'inherit'</span> | The color of the component. It supports those theme colors that make sense for this component. You can use the `htmlColor` prop to apply a color attribute to the SVG element. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'svg'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">fontSize</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'inherit'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'default'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'small'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'large'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'default'</span> | The fontSize applied to the icon. Defaults to 24px, but can be configure to inherit font size. |
| <span class="prop-name">htmlColor</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> |  | Applies a color attribute to the SVG element. |
| <span class="prop-name">shapeRendering</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> |  | The shape-rendering attribute. The behavior of the different options is described on the [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/shape-rendering). If you are having issues with blurry icons you should investigate this property. |
| <span class="prop-name">titleAccess</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> |  | Provides a human-readable title for the element that contains it. https://www.w3.org/TR/SVG-access/#Equivalent |
| <span class="prop-name">viewBox</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> | <span class="prop-default">'0 0 24 24'</span> | Allows you to redefine what the coordinates without units mean inside an SVG element. For example, if the SVG element is 500 (width) by 200 (height), and you pass viewBox="0 0 50 20", this means that the coordinates inside the SVG will go from the top left corner (0,0) to bottom right (50,20) and each unit will be worth 10px. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` prop.
This prop accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">colorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `color="primary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `color="secondary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorAction</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `color="action"`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorError</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `color="error"`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorDisabled</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `color="disabled"`.
| <span class="prop-name">fontSizeInherit</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `fontSize="inherit"`.
| <span class="prop-name">fontSizeSmall</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `fontSize="small"`.
| <span class="prop-name">fontSizeLarge</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `fontSize="large"`.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/SvgIcon/SvgIcon.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiSvgIcon`.

## Notes

The component is fully [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html) compatible.

## Demos

- [Icons](/components/icons/)

Commit message:

[docs] Document the global class names (#16770)

docs/pages/api/svg-icon.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/SvgIcon/SvgIcon.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# SvgIcon API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the SvgIcon React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import { SvgIcon } from '@material-ui/core';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | Node passed into the SVG element. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">color</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'inherit', 'primary', 'secondary', 'action', 'error', 'disabled'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'inherit'</span> | The color of the component. It supports those theme colors that make sense for this component. You can use the `htmlColor` prop to apply a color attribute to the SVG element. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'svg'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">fontSize</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'inherit'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'default'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'small'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'large'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'default'</span> | The fontSize applied to the icon. Defaults to 24px, but can be configure to inherit font size. |
| <span class="prop-name">htmlColor</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> |  | Applies a color attribute to the SVG element. |
| <span class="prop-name">shapeRendering</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> |  | The shape-rendering attribute. The behavior of the different options is described on the [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Attribute/shape-rendering). If you are having issues with blurry icons you should investigate this property. |
| <span class="prop-name">titleAccess</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> |  | Provides a human-readable title for the element that contains it. https://www.w3.org/TR/SVG-access/#Equivalent |
| <span class="prop-name">viewBox</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> | <span class="prop-default">'0 0 24 24'</span> | Allows you to redefine what the coordinates without units mean inside an SVG element. For example, if the SVG element is 500 (width) by 200 (height), and you pass viewBox="0 0 50 20", this means that the coordinates inside the SVG will go from the top left corner (0,0) to bottom right (50,20) and each unit will be worth 10px. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

- Style sheet name: `MuiSvgIcon`.
- Style sheet details:

| Rule name | Global class | Description |
|:-----|:-------------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiSvgIcon-root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">colorPrimary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiSvgIcon-colorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `color="primary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorSecondary</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiSvgIcon-colorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `color="secondary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorAction</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiSvgIcon-colorAction</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `color="action"`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorError</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiSvgIcon-colorError</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `color="error"`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorDisabled</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiSvgIcon-colorDisabled</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `color="disabled"`.
| <span class="prop-name">fontSizeInherit</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiSvgIcon-fontSizeInherit</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `fontSize="inherit"`.
| <span class="prop-name">fontSizeSmall</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiSvgIcon-fontSizeSmall</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `fontSize="small"`.
| <span class="prop-name">fontSizeLarge</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiSvgIcon-fontSizeLarge</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `fontSize="large"`.

You can override the style of the component thanks to one of these customizability points:

- With a rule name of the [`classes` object prop](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes).
- With a [global class name](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-global-class-names).
- With a theme and an [`overrides` property](/customization/globals/#css).

If it's not enough, you can find the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/SvgIcon/SvgIcon.js) for more detail.

## Notes

The component is fully [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html) compatible.

## Demos

- [Icons](/components/icons/)
