docs/pages/api/swipeable-drawer.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/SwipeableDrawer/SwipeableDrawer.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# SwipeableDrawer API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the SwipeableDrawer React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import SwipeableDrawer from '@material-ui/core/SwipeableDrawer';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">disableBackdropTransition</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | Disable the backdrop transition. This can improve the FPS on low-end devices. |
| <span class="prop-name">disableDiscovery</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, touching the screen near the edge of the drawer will not slide in the drawer a bit to promote accidental discovery of the swipe gesture. |
| <span class="prop-name">disableSwipeToOpen</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">typeof navigator !== 'undefined' && /iPad\|iPhone\|iPod/.test(navigator.userAgent)</span> | If `true`, swipe to open is disabled. This is useful in browsers where swiping triggers navigation actions. Swipe to open is disabled on iOS browsers by default. |
| <span class="prop-name">hysteresis</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> | <span class="prop-default">0.55</span> | Affects how far the drawer must be opened/closed to change his state. Specified as percent (0-1) of the width of the drawer |
| <span class="prop-name">minFlingVelocity</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> | <span class="prop-default">400</span> | Defines, from which (average) velocity on, the swipe is defined as complete although hysteresis isn't reached. Good threshold is between 250 - 1000 px/s |
| <span class="prop-name required">onClose&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the component requests to be closed.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback |
| <span class="prop-name required">onOpen&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the component requests to be opened.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback |
| <span class="prop-name required">open&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the drawer is open. |
| <span class="prop-name">SwipeAreaProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Props applied to the swipe area element. |
| <span class="prop-name">swipeAreaWidth</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> | <span class="prop-default">20</span> | The width of the left most (or right most) area in pixels where the drawer can be swiped open from. |
| <span class="prop-name">transitionDuration</span> | <span class="prop-type">number<br>&#124;&nbsp;{ enter?: number, exit?: number }</span> | <span class="prop-default">{ enter: duration.enteringScreen, exit: duration.leavingScreen }</span> | The duration for the transition, in milliseconds. You may specify a single timeout for all transitions, or individually with an object. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element ([Drawer](/api/drawer/)).

## Inheritance

The props of the [Drawer](/api/drawer/) component are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Notes

The component can cause issues in [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html).

## Demos

- [Drawers](/components/drawers/)

Commit message:

[docs] Small changes (#17060)
* [docs] Remove strict mode note

All the components should be strict mode ready.
It's our target. Long term, this note is not needed.
We can use the GitHub issue instead to track our progress.

* [docs] Open color tool in a new tab

* [docs] Keep the same url for july than other months

I think that Matt is right. Let's bet consitent.

* [docs] Create awareness for the different imports

* [docs] Solve one no match with Algolia

* [core] Export default at the component creation

* [docs] Avoid the creation of an intermediary component

* [docs] Fix tooltip warning on mobile

* [docs] Add new synonyms

* Update docs/src/pages/components/snackbars/snackbars.md

Co-Authored-By: Matt <github@nospam.33m.co>

docs/pages/api/swipeable-drawer.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/SwipeableDrawer/SwipeableDrawer.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# SwipeableDrawer API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the SwipeableDrawer React component. Learn more about the props and the CSS customization points.</p>

## Import

```js
import SwipeableDrawer from '@material-ui/core/SwipeableDrawer';
// or
import { SwipeableDrawer } from '@material-ui/core';
```

You can learn more about the difference by [reading our guide](/guides/minimizing-bundle-size/).



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">disableBackdropTransition</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | Disable the backdrop transition. This can improve the FPS on low-end devices. |
| <span class="prop-name">disableDiscovery</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If `true`, touching the screen near the edge of the drawer will not slide in the drawer a bit to promote accidental discovery of the swipe gesture. |
| <span class="prop-name">disableSwipeToOpen</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> | <span class="prop-default">typeof navigator !== 'undefined' && /iPad\|iPhone\|iPod/.test(navigator.userAgent)</span> | If `true`, swipe to open is disabled. This is useful in browsers where swiping triggers navigation actions. Swipe to open is disabled on iOS browsers by default. |
| <span class="prop-name">hysteresis</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> | <span class="prop-default">0.55</span> | Affects how far the drawer must be opened/closed to change his state. Specified as percent (0-1) of the width of the drawer |
| <span class="prop-name">minFlingVelocity</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> | <span class="prop-default">400</span> | Defines, from which (average) velocity on, the swipe is defined as complete although hysteresis isn't reached. Good threshold is between 250 - 1000 px/s |
| <span class="prop-name required">onClose&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the component requests to be closed.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback |
| <span class="prop-name required">onOpen&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the component requests to be opened.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback |
| <span class="prop-name required">open&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the drawer is open. |
| <span class="prop-name">SwipeAreaProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Props applied to the swipe area element. |
| <span class="prop-name">swipeAreaWidth</span> | <span class="prop-type">number</span> | <span class="prop-default">20</span> | The width of the left most (or right most) area in pixels where the drawer can be swiped open from. |
| <span class="prop-name">transitionDuration</span> | <span class="prop-type">number<br>&#124;&nbsp;{ enter?: number, exit?: number }</span> | <span class="prop-default">{ enter: duration.enteringScreen, exit: duration.leavingScreen }</span> | The duration for the transition, in milliseconds. You may specify a single timeout for all transitions, or individually with an object. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other props supplied will be provided to the root element ([Drawer](/api/drawer/)).

## Inheritance

The props of the [Drawer](/api/drawer/) component are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Demos

- [Drawers](/components/drawers/)
