docs/pages/api/switch.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Switch/Switch.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Switch API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Switch React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import Switch from '@material-ui/core/Switch';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">checked</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the component is checked. |
| <span class="prop-name">checkedIcon</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The icon to display when the component is checked. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">color</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'primary'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'secondary'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'default'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'secondary'</span> | The color of the component. It supports those theme colors that make sense for this component. |
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the switch will be disabled. |
| <span class="prop-name">disableRipple</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the ripple effect will be disabled. |
| <span class="prop-name">edge</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'start'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'end'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;false<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If given, uses a negative margin to counteract the padding on one side (this is often helpful for aligning the left or right side of the icon with content above or below, without ruining the border size and shape). |
| <span class="prop-name">icon</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The icon to display when the component is unchecked. |
| <span class="prop-name">id</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> |  | The id of the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">inputProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | [Attributes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#Attributes) applied to the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">inputRef</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;func&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;object<br></span> |  | This prop can be used to pass a ref callback to the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">onChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the state is changed.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object, checked: boolean) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback. You can pull out the new value by accessing `event.target.checked`.<br>*checked:* The `checked` value of the switch |
| <span class="prop-name">type</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> |  | The input component prop `type`. |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">any</span> |  | The value of the component. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element ([IconButton](/api/icon-button/)).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` prop.
This prop accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">edgeStart</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `edge="start"`.
| <span class="prop-name">edgeEnd</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `edge="end"`.
| <span class="prop-name">switchBase</span> | Styles applied to the internal `SwitchBase` component's `root` class.
| <span class="prop-name">colorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the internal SwitchBase component's root element if `color="primary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the internal SwitchBase component's root element if `color="secondary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">checked</span> | Pseudo-class applied to the internal `SwitchBase` component's `checked` class.
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | Pseudo-class applied to the internal SwitchBase component's disabled class.
| <span class="prop-name">input</span> | Styles applied to the internal SwitchBase component's input element.
| <span class="prop-name">thumb</span> | Styles used to create the thumb passed to the internal `SwitchBase` component `icon` prop.
| <span class="prop-name">track</span> | Styles applied to the track element.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Switch/Switch.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiSwitch`.

## Inheritance

The properties of the [IconButton](/api/icon-button/) component are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Notes

The component is fully [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html) compatible.

## Demos

- [Switches](/components/switches/)
- [Transfer List](/components/transfer-list/)

Commit message:

[Switch] Support small size (#16620)
* [Switch] support small size

* Add TypeScript definitions

docs/pages/api/switch.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Switch/Switch.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Switch API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Switch React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import Switch from '@material-ui/core/Switch';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">checked</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the component is checked. |
| <span class="prop-name">checkedIcon</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The icon to display when the component is checked. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">color</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'primary'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'secondary'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'default'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'secondary'</span> | The color of the component. It supports those theme colors that make sense for this component. |
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the switch will be disabled. |
| <span class="prop-name">disableRipple</span> | <span class="prop-type">bool</span> |  | If `true`, the ripple effect will be disabled. |
| <span class="prop-name">edge</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'start'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'end'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;false<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">false</span> | If given, uses a negative margin to counteract the padding on one side (this is often helpful for aligning the left or right side of the icon with content above or below, without ruining the border size and shape). |
| <span class="prop-name">icon</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The icon to display when the component is unchecked. |
| <span class="prop-name">id</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> |  | The id of the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">inputProps</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | [Attributes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#Attributes) applied to the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">inputRef</span> | <span class="prop-type">union:&nbsp;func&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;object<br></span> |  | This prop can be used to pass a ref callback to the `input` element. |
| <span class="prop-name">onChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">func</span> |  | Callback fired when the state is changed.<br><br>**Signature:**<br>`function(event: object, checked: boolean) => void`<br>*event:* The event source of the callback. You can pull out the new value by accessing `event.target.checked`.<br>*checked:* The `checked` value of the switch |
| <span class="prop-name">size</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'small'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'medium'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'medium'</span> | The size of the switch. `small` is equivalent to the dense switch styling. |
| <span class="prop-name">type</span> | <span class="prop-type">string</span> |  | The input component prop `type`. |
| <span class="prop-name">value</span> | <span class="prop-type">any</span> |  | The value of the component. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element ([IconButton](/api/icon-button/)).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` prop.
This prop accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">edgeStart</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `edge="start"`.
| <span class="prop-name">edgeEnd</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `edge="end"`.
| <span class="prop-name">switchBase</span> | Styles applied to the internal `SwitchBase` component's `root` class.
| <span class="prop-name">colorPrimary</span> | Styles applied to the internal SwitchBase component's root element if `color="primary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">colorSecondary</span> | Styles applied to the internal SwitchBase component's root element if `color="secondary"`.
| <span class="prop-name">sizeSmall</span> | Styles applied to the root element if `size="small"`.
| <span class="prop-name">checked</span> | Pseudo-class applied to the internal `SwitchBase` component's `checked` class.
| <span class="prop-name">disabled</span> | Pseudo-class applied to the internal SwitchBase component's disabled class.
| <span class="prop-name">input</span> | Styles applied to the internal SwitchBase component's input element.
| <span class="prop-name">thumb</span> | Styles used to create the thumb passed to the internal `SwitchBase` component `icon` prop.
| <span class="prop-name">track</span> | Styles applied to the track element.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Switch/Switch.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiSwitch`.

## Inheritance

The properties of the [IconButton](/api/icon-button/) component are also available.
You can take advantage of this behavior to [target nested components](/guides/api/#spread).

## Notes

The component is fully [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html) compatible.

## Demos

- [Switches](/components/switches/)
- [Transfer List](/components/transfer-list/)
