docs/pages/api/table.md, before:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Table/Table.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Table API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Table React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import Table from '@material-ui/core/Table';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content of the table, normally `TableHead` and `TableBody`. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'table'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">padding</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'default'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'checkbox'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'none'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'default'</span> | Allows TableCells to inherit padding of the Table. |
| <span class="prop-name">size</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'small'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'medium'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'medium'</span> | Allows TableCells to inherit size of the Table. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

You can override all the class names injected by Material-UI thanks to the `classes` prop.
This prop accepts the following keys:


| Name | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.

Have a look at the [overriding styles with classes](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) section
and the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Table/Table.js)
for more detail.

If using the `overrides` [key of the theme](/customization/themes/#css),
you need to use the following style sheet name: `MuiTable`.

## Notes

The component is fully [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html) compatible.

## Demos

- [Tables](/components/tables/)

Commit message:

[docs] Document the global class names (#16770)

docs/pages/api/table.md, after:

---
filename: /packages/material-ui/src/Table/Table.js
---

<!--- This documentation is automatically generated, do not try to edit it. -->

# Table API

<p class="description">The API documentation of the Table React component. Learn more about the properties and the CSS customization points.</p>

```js
import { Table } from '@material-ui/core';
```



## Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
|:-----|:-----|:--------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name required">children&nbsp;*</span> | <span class="prop-type">node</span> |  | The content of the table, normally `TableHead` and `TableBody`. |
| <span class="prop-name">classes</span> | <span class="prop-type">object</span> |  | Override or extend the styles applied to the component. See [CSS API](#css) below for more details. |
| <span class="prop-name">component</span> | <span class="prop-type">elementType</span> | <span class="prop-default">'table'</span> | The component used for the root node. Either a string to use a DOM element or a component. |
| <span class="prop-name">padding</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'default'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'checkbox'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'none'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'default'</span> | Allows TableCells to inherit padding of the Table. |
| <span class="prop-name">size</span> | <span class="prop-type">enum:&nbsp;'small'&nbsp;&#124;<br>&nbsp;'medium'<br></span> | <span class="prop-default">'medium'</span> | Allows TableCells to inherit size of the Table. |

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element.

Any other properties supplied will be provided to the root element (native element).

## CSS

- Style sheet name: `MuiTable`.
- Style sheet details:

| Rule name | Global class | Description |
|:-----|:-------------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiTable-root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.

You can override the style of the component thanks to one of these customizability points:

- With a rule name of the [`classes` object prop](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes).
- With a [global class name](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-global-class-names).
- With a theme and an [`overrides` property](/customization/globals/#css).

If it's not enough, you can find the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Table/Table.js) for more detail.

## Notes

The component is fully [StrictMode](https://reactjs.org/docs/strict-mode.html) compatible.

## Demos

- [Tables](/components/tables/)
