docs/src/pages/getting-started/example-projects/example-projects.md, before:

# Example Projects

<p class="description">Are you looking for an example project to get started?</p>

We host some example projects which you can find in the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui) under the [`/examples`](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples) folder:

- [Create React App](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples/create-react-app)
- [Gatsby](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples/gatsby)
- [Next.js](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples/nextjs)
- [Parcel](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples/parcel)
- [CDN](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples/cdn)
- [Plain server-side](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples/ssr)
- And more

Create React App is an awesome project for learning React.
Have a look at [the alternatives available](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/blob/master/README.md#popular-alternatives) to see which project best fits your needs.

The source code for this documentation site is also included in the repository.
This is a slightly more complex project.
Check out the [`/docs`](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/docs) folder for
build instructions.

## More advanced example projects

Looking for a more advanced example project?

If you want to start with a more complete and real world example, you could take a look at our [free themes](https://themes.material-ui.com/) or:

- [React + Material-UI + Firebase](https://github.com/Phoqe/react-material-ui-firebase):
  - Bootstrapped with Create React App, the same tooling works out of the box
  - Built on top of Firebase with authentication working from the start
  - Robust routing with React Router including error handling (404)
  - Extensive mobile support with [react-swipeable-views](https://react-swipeable-views.com) for tabs

- [Material Sense](https://github.com/alexanmtz/material-sense), which includes:
  - Graph using recharts
  - React Router included with a navigation example
  - A docker container with an Nginx server for production build
  - Created with [Create React App](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/)

Commit message:

[docs] Link react-most-wanted (#16856)
* Added React-Most-Wanted to showcase

* reorganize the 'More advanced example projects'

* Moved React Most Wanted entry to example-projects page

* Removed german translation

* matt review

docs/src/pages/getting-started/example-projects/example-projects.md, after:

# Example Projects

<p class="description">Are you looking for an example project to get started?</p>

We host some example projects which you can find in the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui) under the [`/examples`](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples) folder:

- [Create React App](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples/create-react-app)
- [Gatsby](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples/gatsby)
- [Next.js](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples/nextjs)
- [Parcel](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples/parcel)
- [CDN](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples/cdn)
- [Plain server-side](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples/ssr)
- And more

Create React App is an awesome project for learning React.
Have a look at [the alternatives available](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/blob/master/README.md#popular-alternatives) to see which project best fits your needs.

The source code for this documentation site is also included in the repository.
This is a slightly more complex project.
Check out the [`/docs`](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/docs) folder for
build instructions.

## More advanced example projects

Looking for a more advanced example project?

If you want to start with a more complete and real world example, you could take a look at our [free templates](/getting-started/templates/) or [premium themes & templates](https://themes.material-ui.com/) or:

- [React Most Wanted](https://github.com/TarikHuber/react-most-wanted), which includes:

  - Created with [Create React App](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/)
  - Custom Create React App script to start a new project with just a single CLI command
  - Build for Firebase including Authentication using the official Firebase Web Auth UI
  - Routing with React Router including error handling (404) and lazy loading
  - All PWA features included (SW, Notifications, deffered installation prompt and more)
  - Optimized and scalable performance (all ~100 points on Lighthouse)

- [React + Material-UI + Firebase](https://github.com/Phoqe/react-material-ui-firebase):

  - Bootstrapped with Create React App, the same tooling works out of the box
  - Built on top of Firebase with authentication working from the start
  - Robust routing with React Router including error handling (404)
  - Extensive mobile support with [react-swipeable-views](https://react-swipeable-views.com) for tabs

- [Material Sense](https://github.com/alexanmtz/material-sense), which includes:

  - Graph using recharts
  - React Router included with a navigation example
  - A docker container with an Nginx server for production build
  - Created with [Create React App](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/)
